Heavenly Father, today we put on the full armor
to protect us against attack. We put on the belt
of truth to protect against lies and deception. We
put on the breastplate of righteousness to protect
our hearts from the temptations. We put the gospel
of peace on our feet to walk in your light, peace,
and freedom with the Holy Spirit. We rebuke
anxious thoughts. We take up your shield of
faith for protection to block and destroy all
the darts and threats thrown at us by the enemy.
We put on the helmet of salvation to cover our
minds and thoughts, reminding us that we are
children of a mighty king. We are forgiven, set
free, saved by the blood of Jesus. We take up the
sword of the spirit, your living word that has the
power to demolish strongholds and is sharper than
any double-edged sword. We come to you, Lord, in
prayer daily. In Jesus mighty name we pray. Amen.
What's up, you guys? Welcome to the Imagination.
I'm your host, Emma, and today I'm honored to have
back on the show for part two of her testimony
series, Satanic Ritual Abuse, Mind Control,
Stargate, Freemason, Jesuit, an organized abuse
survivor, overcomer, and whistleblower, loving
mother, founder of The Quickening Project, content
creator and podcast host, faithful servant to the
most high, gardener, floral design extraordinaire,
singer and songwriter, poetry reader and writer,
and absolute inspiration, Kadia. In case you
missed Kadia's incredible debut episode on this
podcast, it'll be below in the show notes.
And here is a brief overview of her life,
as well as some things we may be discussing
today for part two. Kadia's life began in a
web of multi-generational abuse orchestrated by a
highle cult with ties to Freemasonry, the Vatican,
the Jesuits, and military intelligence programs.
From infancy, and possibly even Udo, she endured
deliberate trauma designed to fracture her psyche,
creating dissociative identity disorder to mold
her into a mind-controlled operative. Raised
in a seemingly happy Christian family, Kadia's
front personality was unaware of the horrific
rituals and programming conducted in churches,
Masonic lodges, and even a major movie theater
that shaped her fragmented identities. These
included being trafficked to the Vatican for a
luciferian ritual, subjected to electroshock,
drowning, and drugging to simulate death, and
training in programs like Stargate for remote
viewing and espionage. As a child, she was forced
to participate in heinous acts, including filming
stuff films on a church missing trip under the
guise of helping an orphanage. Her abusers,
including a 33rd degree Freemason programmer
who studied neurology to perfect mind control,
exploited her high IQ and spiritual gifts,
using children's books like Dr. Seuss and
the music and keys of a piano to create
a highly organized system of altars.
Despite this, Kadia's awakening began in her 20s
when chronic illness defied medical diagnosis,
hinting at trauma-based origins. As memories of
ritual abuse flooded back just a few years ago,
she faced disbelief from family, friends, and
authorities, culminating in a betrayal that cost
her everything. Her husband filed for divorce. A
protection order barred her from her two children,
and her resources were stripped away. The
cult's playbook using the Darvo method left
her ostracized, gangstaled, and battling self
harm programming. Yet guided by her faith,
Kadiah found refuge with a supportive family and
enrolled in Restoration in Christ Ministries, a
program that became a cornerstone of her healing.
Kadia's escape was a miracle marked by divine
intervention, including surviving a kidnapping
attempt. Her faith in Yaw became her anchor.
Recognizing that Christian terminology and music,
often used in rituals, can retraumatize survivors,
Kadia launched the Quickening Project, a
podcast and music initiative. She creates
worship music designed to soothe fractured souls
without triggering trauma, and she offers a safe
space for survivors to reconnect with faith. The
project also educates on the realities of SRRA,
did and cult tactics, exposing the prevalence
in institutions like churches, schools, and
even pizza chains used as friends for trafficking.
Today, we will be continuing Kadaya's testimony,
sharing aspects of her story that weren't
discussed last time. And some of those topics will
be things like mind control programming locations,
psychward experiences, youth method, abuse methods
that do not leave marks, and sematic body memory
experiences, SRA and scripture, Antarctica,
the state sanctioned kidnap of children, and so
much more. Kadia's mission is not of vengeance,
but of healing and empowerment. Her work addresses
the epidemic of hidden abuse, drawing parallels to
biblical warnings of lawlessness and false light.
By sharing her testimony, she validates survivors,
showing them that the cult's tactics, like
weaponizing children or inducing despair,
are proof of their truth. Her message is
clear. Healing is possible through faith,
honesty, and with the Holy Spirit. Kadia's
story, still unfolding as she fights to
unite with her children, is a powerful call to
action. inspiring survivors to break free and
society to confront the darkness in plain sight.
Through things like the Quickening Project,
Kadia is not just surviving, she is thriving and
turning her pain into a divine purpose to set the
captives free. Before wrapping up the introduction
of today's guest, I'd like to share just a couple
quick reminders and updates. If you're interested
in being a guest on the show, if you wanted to
share any information privately with me, or if you
were interested in submitting a written testimony
for my upcoming book series, or to be featured
on a Substack article, you can reach out to me
via email at imagine a better world 2020@gmail.com
or standby survivors protonmail.com. Additionally,
I've teamed up with a couple of my favorite
brands to offer you guys exclusive discount
codes on products I love, such as RIFE Technology
Frequency Machines and CZTL's premium methylene
blue. You can find all the relevant links and
codes along with other resources in the show
notes below. Your support across all platforms is
greatly appreciated, you guys, especially as I've
had to shift to alternative streaming platforms
such as Rumble and X following the extreme
censorship that caused my last YouTube channel
to be terminated. I've just recently started a
new YouTube channel and you can subscribe to me
there at the handle @ imaginationodcast official
that I am now streaming new episode premieres from
weekly. This transition to multiple platforms is
crucial to continue sharing vital information
with the public and disclosure community. So,
thank you all on the other side of the screen
for helping to make the imagination the safest
space on the internet for survivor, whistleblower,
advocate and educator disclosures. Your support
means the absolute world to me and to every guest
on this show. So you guys, without further ado,
please help me in welcoming back today's guest
of honor, voice for the voiceless, woman of God,
survivor, warrior, fierce mama bear, walking
miracle, anti-child abuse, and survivor advocate,
and a woman on a mission to equip other survivors
with what to expect when getting out through the
power and hope of faith in Christ. The one,
the only, Kadia. Kadaya, thank you so much for
being here again with us today. I'm so happy
to have you back. Thank you. Thank you. Wow,
that was a wonderful intro. I'm humbled. Thanks
for having me. And for those who've tuned in,
thank you. It's an honor to have you back.
Your last episode was received so well. And
despite the fact that it was a longer episode
jam-packed with things, we had so many good
comments and it provided so many puzzle pieces
for other people and helped them understand some
of these big picture things that can be really
hard to understand in the little snippets that
we see online. So, I'm really thrilled to have
you back and just so impressed with everything
that you've learned, everything that you've done,
all the healing that has taken place in such such
a short amount of time, and how you're able to
articulate these really, really hard concepts
and experiences and things that exist in our
world in such a palatable way. So, I'm thrilled
to get into some of these subjects today. Um,
we do have a lot. So, just to let people know,
I did mention some things in the intro. if we
don't get to all of them, Kadia did agree to
do a part three. So, and obviously I'd want her
on again anyways, but um if you don't hear about
some of the topics today, we'll bring her back on
again happily and dive into some of those things,
but we're going to try to cover as much ground as
we can today. Um, and one of the topics that that
we really wanted to share and and talk a little
bit deeper about is the topic of being admitted
to psych wards, being called crazy after you start
to remember these very real reactions that people
in these cults and people around survivors have.
Um, that sort of causes the opposite. you know,
we should be embracing survivors with healing
and help and helpful therapies that validate
their experiences and instead um it's a very
real situation that a lot of survivors get
treated the opposite and um penalized for what
they're remembering. And Kadia is no stranger
to pretty much every experience you could sort of
imagine somebody having from the success of being
received on podcast to how her family treated her
when a lot of this stuff started going down. So,
Kadai, I'm going to turn it over to you and
let you share um your experiences about this
and we can kind of dive into this topic
that's so relevant for survivors and that
normal civilians in society really need to know
about. Awesome. So, on the last interview we did
uh we did dig into several of the topics that you
mentioned which was awesome. I'm going to try not
to be redundant uh with some of the anecdotes of
information. So, I'm going to pick up where we
left off pertaining to the timeline of events um
regarding my health journey, some of the symptoms,
uh my um the different people that I went
to for help. Uh we talked about all of that,
what happened, why I am where I am now. Um, but I
want to just touch on some of the details of what
happened in some of those situations with uh
people that I had hoped to be able to trust,
family members, uh, the authorities, um, pastors,
that kind of thing. Uh, because I want to prepare
those who are leaving these situations. And I I
see this as, you know, I see that there's a mass
exodus right now. Hallelujah. Um out of darkness
and in uh to the light of truth by his grace
alone. And by his grace, I mean God. And you're
going to hear me refer to God um you're going
to hear me refer to Jesus in a lot of the Hebrew
language because a lot of the English language was
um used in my programming. That's something else
we talked about last time. Um, and so if you hear
me use Yah or Yahwa or Yahweh, I know some people
have controversy with that. Um, but that's just
what I have tended to use. That's been helpful in
my journey. So, if you hear me say that, uh, don't
be concerned. I'll just say upfront that my faith
is in the God of the Bible, the God of Israel,
the one and true risen lamb, um Jesus Christ,
Yeshua Hamashiach, uh the Messiah who has come
to redeem us from the curse of sin and death and
all of the things these cults love, all of these
things that they do to enslave us. Um, and he
has come to save us, to heal us, and he is coming
again to exact justice on this kind of darkness,
on these hidden cults, on this wickedness. Um,
and uh, and uh, lead his people home. So, I
want to talk about what happened pertaining
to my children because that's not something that
we mentioned. So, maybe I'll just start there.
So uh this is you know one of the hardest things
for me to stay present uh to talk about um one
of the gifts of dissociation um is uh that I can
um you know reach a a level in my point of grief
um and then in order to be able to survive I
can uh switch um into almost sort of a type
of amnesia to be able to focus on other tasks at
hand. It doesn't always work. There are a lot of
debilitating days where I suffer. So, uh, just
bear with me. Um, if I, you know, space out or
space off, um, just give me a minute just to kind
of collect my thoughts and and come back. So,
um, I was dealing with a lot of symptoms and
one of those things that I was dealing with was
dissociative seizures. uh dissociative seizures
that were inhibiting my ability to function,
to mother, uh to take care of my home, to work,
and to eventually drive. So, there were some years
um leading up to my psycho board stay where
I was booking appointments with specialists,
with neurologists. I had an EEG done to um try
to uh establish where some of these seizurike uh
electric like symptoms were coming from that were
just causing debilitating pain and an inability to
function. And um I had I didn't know that there
was such a thing as dissociative seizures at the
time. And unfortunately um clinicians this is just
not something that is widely known about. And of
course we know the whole medical establishment
um including the the world of psychiatry is is
designed to create a a a veil uh of of false
help over um people who have who are victims of
uh organized abuse especially. And so I wasn't
able to get a diagnosis, but this was something
that I was dealing with and it is still something
that I'm dealing with in my healing journey.
They are happening less frequently, but they
still happen. And so dissociative seizures,
they resemble um they don't they sometimes can
resemble epileptic seizures, but not always. Um,
and a lot of the the um symptomology surrounding
them is is freezing and an inability to articulate
outwardly the the pain and the torment um that
is happening inside the body that is causing this
seizing, this freezing up. Uh the brain will run
on a loop like a broken record. Um and so I had,
you know, years where this would happen and I
would literally be beating my head against a wall.
literally beating my head against a wall trying
to get my brain to work, my body to work, just
so that I could easily move my limbs to get to a
bathroom or to go get a drink of water. I'm going
through through several years of this and it's
getting worse and worse and worse and worse and
uh nobody seemed to really care or mind. Um, and
that's because I realize now they were all a part
of this, um, this cult of mind control. And I
went through the specifics of of these cults,
um, in the last interview. And so, um, I was going
through loss of consciousness. I was going through
transances, stupers, um amnesia, hyperot seizures,
um sometimes muscle stiffness, sometimes tremors,
uh a lot of twitching of the muscles. Um and so
they are now in the current diagnostic manual of
the DSM, uh whatever we think about that, um
considered a manifestation of a dissociative,
um or conversion disorder. And so they're
not actually under the patient's voluntary
control and they're, you know, they're thought to
represent, you know, the patient, as we might say,
to represent their the response to emotional
stress. And so basically what had happened
is that my programming began to break down as I
began to resist the demands of the cult as well
as the programs that were installed inside of me.
Because when I got a hold of the truth through
through Yah's word, through his written word,
um that awoke a war from the realm of darkness,
from covenants that I had made, that parts of
me had made that I didn't know that I had had
that personalities had made under duress from the
cult under satanic ritual abuse, blood covenants,
um oaths that were made uh both under duress
and also uh voluntarily. early. And so, um,
as I began to go through this process of renewing
my mind with his word, because his word is sharp,
it's powerful, as a as a two-edged sword, able
to divide bone from marrow, the thoughts from
the intents of the heart. I went through this
soul surgery, and it was shattering, heartending,
painful, excruciating. Um, and it led to a nervous
breakdown. Uh, because as memories began to
surface, because this is what happens when we pick
up his word and his light shines in the darkness,
uh, the darkness is revealed. And so
those who were around me that were
uh a couple handlers um and my head programmer um
began to crack down on um measures of torture to
uh create ultimately a psychotic break that
would land me in the hospital. So then I have
that on my record now as a uh you know psych ward
patient or somebody who is me mentally ill. And so
this is what happened. Um, I was in my home. Uh, a
friend had found me basically walking into walls,
not able to function. Um, and crying out for
help because, uh, my children were home and I
was unable to find somebody to come over and help
me function, including my husband was completely
ignoring me. Um there was a a moment where I
pleaded that for to him for help not to go to work
because I was unable to care for the children.
And he just smiled and he said, "I know." And
he walked out the door and I went, "Wow, I am
dealing with with a darker psychopathy uh than I
realized." But that was incredibly validating. So,
long story short, and I go we went through some
of these details. Um, uh, my friend had called
the police to help me exit the house safely, get
away from the night, get away for the night. Um,
but, uh, my husband had intercepted and charmed
them and convinced them that I needed to be
medicated and taken to the psych ward. And so, um,
I complied. Um and while I was there um they were
unable to find anything wrong with me. Um and so
um after you know 6 days they had told me to that
I could check myself out um anytime. My experience
there was really hard um but um it was really
interesting. Uh, it was a really interesting
way that I was set free because one of the things
that my programmer did when I was young was put me
in a straight jacket in a simulated psych wart
situation to abuse and terrify me um of being
in such a circumstance. In the event that I ever
began to share some of my memories in the began
that I ever in the event that I began to remember
the truth then I would be um sent to the psych
ward. So he actually broke off the fear of the
psych ward. Um God did he broke off the fear of
that through the my experience in the psychward.
Now I I believe there are a lot of horrible things
that happen in these types of institutions to
people but that was not my experience. I was I was
really protected by uh my heavenly father by Aba
um by Yah and um and while I was there um I was
actually uh given the opportunity um to help the
staff members which was kind of neat. Um, and um,
and uh, cuz they, you know, they I was I didn't
really want to be sitting still in my bed. I I
didn't really want to participate too much in in
in some of the activities that they had going on.
Um and so um and this is just by the grace of
God alone um I was able to you know be a hand
on deck to calm some patients down um that were
um flying out of control. Um, and part of this is
because I understand programming and a lot of pe
a lot of the people that were in the psych board
um were simply um not mentally ill but victims
of uh organized abuse. And so I I um having gone
through this with a programmer, having had learned
to do some programming, was able to use some keys
in order to help create a more calm, a more safe
atmosphere in the psych ward so that some of the
patients that were in the sort of higher security
uh side of the psych ward were actually able to
come and participate with some of the groups
group staff. So, as as traumatic as it was,
I was kind of in awe and amused at what God
was doing in there. And he actually he showed
me and validated for me that a lot of what are
um perceived as mental illnesses are actually
um um consequences that are installed in mind
control programming and procedures for people who
are trying to heal, who are trying to get help. If
you start to remember these programs kick in, they
cause hallucinations. They cause the hearing of
voices. Um there are parts um you know the whole
purpose of DID is to keep a person um from knowing
that that they have it right. So if it's in an
organized abuse setting, did is created to create
the ultimate mind control slave, the ultimate spy,
the ultimate assassin, whatever it is that doesn't
know that they have these parts inside of them
that programmers can bring out by uh certain codes
or maybe if they're a sex slave of some sort,
somebody can buy your code. They can invite you
uh under false pretenses to an event. They'll use
the code that they purchased from your programmer
wherever your program has been cataloged and then
that part that has been programmed to submit to
the abuse to perform a task um or to tolerate it
or to take that you know comes out and then goes
back in after and it's it's not remembered. So,
um, a lot of this stuff I was able to kind of
practice and test, oddly enough, as a patient in
the psych ward. Um, so I I left the psych ward um,
having no diagnosis. Um, I was able to function
a little bit better just having had the rest and
space from my handler while I was in there. When
I got out, I was taken back to my programmer's
home uh for six months to stay and recuperate. I
said to my handler, and I have to be careful about
disclosing specifics of relationships right now,
but this will all come forth very soon in
technical detail in an affidavit as well
as a book. Um, and so we'll talk a little bit
about that in a bit, but I begged and I pleaded
and I said, "Do not take me, please. That is too
far away from my children. I want to be able to
see them. I'm not dangerous. I'm not delusional.
I'm just really sick and I'm having intermittent
amnesia and memory memory floods." So, I begged
this person to drop me off at my church because
I had read in scripture that if one is sick, you
can go to the elders of the church. They'll anoint
you with oil. They'll pray for you. If you have
any sins, you can confess them and be forgiven
um by God, and then that sick person will be
made well. And so, I like to do things by the
book. I'm I'm a believer. I'm a faithful believer
in the word of Yah. So, this person took me to the
pastor's office and sat in with me during the
meeting. Um, and um I I said to the pastor, um,
I'm really sick. Uh, I believe I'm being abused.
Um, I tried to uh take escape for a night with
my children to a friend's house and um um Oh,
sorry. This is really hard. this is the most
the children is the thing with the children is the
most dramatic understand. And they said well they
said well tell me about the abuse what's going
on and I said I don't know I don't remember and
I began to cry and I I was just in despair. I kept
saying I don't remember. I don't remember. I just
know I do not trust this person. Right. Um I do
not trust this person and I don't know what to do.
Um, and so the pastor, you know, prayed for
me, but I begged. I said, "Can you please,
is there somewhere somehow in the church, is
there somebody that I can talk to, somebody who
maybe has been through an abusive situation who
could pray with me on a regular basis?" Like, I
was just so alone. I needed somebody or something.
And um this this pastor um um as it turned out um
had been already contacted by my programmer where
I was supposed to be and they had decided that no
matter what he I was to be encouraged to go back
to this place for six months to recuperate and
be reprogrammed. and I begged and I pleaded and I
said, "Please, I can't go back to the place that
I got sick." So, I went there. There was there
was nowhere else for me to go. While I was there,
um I just fasted and I prayed and I just I just
made um a a wall um where I wrote down all of the
sins of the the family that I grew up in of of
this cult. every sin that I could think of that
had been committed in this cult, I wrote on the
wall and I fasted and I prayed and based on um
inspiration from from Gideon in Judges 5 to7 where
he burned down his alt his father's altar to Baal,
I just did this and I knew this looks crazy. I'm
just fresh out of the psychord. If somebody comes
in and they see a wall of sins, uh, everything
from gluttony to pedophilia to it was all there.
um if they see this, it's going to look crazy.
But I didn't care at this point because I knew
that I was sharing things that would cause me to
be accused as crazy on the veneer personalities of
these people. But I knew that their personalities
underneath were hearing the message. Whether they
were aware of those personalities or not, I don't
think they are. Of course, they can't couldn't be.
I knew they were hearing the message and that
some would retaliate uh vindictively and try to
hunt and bury me, but that others would hear the
message of hope and see the doorway to freedom
and would come and leave this cult eventually.
And so I sat there and I fasted and I prayed for
days. Um, and I just asked for Abba to come and
have mercy, to come and have grace, to come and
break down these altars and these covenants that
have been made in my family going back, you know,
100 generations. And uh through this process
uh curses began to lift off me and there was
some measure of healing that began to take place
not necessarily yet in my physical body but in my
um in my mind. Um anxiety began to lift.
I began to sleep a little better. And
um um as I went through this process um of trying
to navigate this this mind control labyrinth and
trying to escape it biblically in the in the
the location of captivity. I started to notice
uh a a change happen in my captors where as I was
afraid of my programmer of my whole life, I began
to notice there was this shift and he no longer
was able to be in the same room as me. I would
come into the room and he would scurry out. uh he
would not look me in the eyes and I was being very
very I was being very much my usual loving um kind
self um and and and not bringing forward a lot of
the things that I was I was wrestling with. Um but
I noticed that there was just a tremendous change.
And so as I was there for this 6 months um this
person uh began to be afraid of me for the first
time and that was very obvious and that's the
power of the Holy Spirit. That's the power of
the light. That's the power of the truth. I was
in there now. I had come in on my authority as a
priest of the most high Yaheemed by the blood
of the lamb and his righteousness, not mine.
um through faith that power then came and began
to break veils off of me, break curses off of me,
and I began to walk in confidence and in authority
that all of this has been conquered and can be
conquered through the word and through Christ
and without even having to engage in this type
of dialogue with my handler and my programmer
at this location. the physical the the spiritual
atmosphere began to change and I could tell
that they were afraid of me. And this was proven
uh because my programmer um threatened me one day
while I was staying there. Um, and he threatened
me to be quiet because he could see I was no
longer afraid of him and he was getting afraid
that I was going to start to speak what he knew
he had done to me. And I'd never accused him. I
had never told him I remembered. And uh he came
to me in the backyard and he said to me that
uh with his eyes spinning honestly like a sorcerer
uh he said to be quiet and he used a programming
code that didn't work anymore. Uh I was initiated
in a Masonic lodge under a virtue called quiet
strength and that was used to keep me quiet. um in
the uh Masonic order. And uh so he kept repeating
to me quiet strength and I I kept kind of shruging
him off pretending. I wasn't really sure what he
was talking about, but I knew. Then he snapped
his fingers, which is another which was another
uh programming trigger that he had used so that I
would make eye contact with him. And he got in my
face and he said again, "Quiet strength." and
he repeated my name, my my name that was used
in the programming and for once I didn't
switch and I remained as I am in my new
identity in Christ and I just looked him in the
eyes with sadness and I kissed him on the forehead
and I went for a walk and I praised I just praised
Yah on that trail and I just thanked him because I
knew in that moment that the curse in my family
had finally been broken and that it was only
a matter of time for the manifestation of this
exodus to take place. And so I'm the first one
out. I know there's going to be more to follow.
Um, I know some of the promises that Yahw has made
to me and I saw the power of the programming
break down by his word and his love um, and
the gospel alone in that experience. And so I'm
very confident that he is going to do the rest.
I just have to in just pick up my cross and keep
following him and just endure the persecution,
the slander, the bearing of false witness, the
twisting of different things and also the shame of
some things that um are true. Um, and so that's
something that I'm continuing to sort of walk
through is the the the the giving up of that fear
of man, the giving up of that shame to Christ and
walking in basically my new identity, my new name
in him. And this is exactly the the purpose for
which God gave his son for us in order to redeem
us from this kind of thing. Because we think that,
you know, sin, you know, in the Christian church,
sin is often just referred to as, oh, don't have
sex before marriage or or don't, you know, swear
or don't this, don't that, you know, don't don't
be intoxicated. But according to scripture, the
eventual uh digression or denigration of of sin,
which is simply um lawlessness, simply breaking
the law of Yahw is eventual denigration into
human sacrifice. The reprobate mind of Romans 1.
it without without a compass and without a light.
We can see through his word that um sin eventually
rolls downhill into the depths of this kind of
satanic ritual abuse and this kind of depravity
because these are this this these are the spirits
that are at work. This is the dark the dark power
that is at work. They need blood. They need human
sacrifice. They need perversion. They need these
kinds of energies from people in order for them to
accomplish, you know, the the agenda of the fallen
ones that we read about in Genesis. So, none of
this is actually new. It's far more common than
anyone knows. It's not a conspiracy theory. Um,
it's all throughout scripture. It's all throughout
the ancient texts um including Enoch and Josher
um and the book of wisdom. I mean it's just
everywhere. But there is you know there is hope
and I saw his power come through in that situation
and restore me to a sound mind. Um and that
was really beautiful. But after the psych ward
experience and after the the six months um spent
at my original reprogram sorry with my original
programmer to reprogram me after the psych ward.
So that so that happened um in order to reprogram
me and it didn't work because the power of God was
was greater. After that, I returned back home to
be with my children. And I was healthier and freer
than I had ever been. And I and I during this time
had been calling um women's shelters because I was
so desperate to flee. I was so desperate to get
away. Um but y'all kept just kept saying, "Rain,
remain, remain. I have work for you to do to do
here." Um, and he had asked me if I was willing,
and I was. And um, and so I I didn't go to the
women's shelters. I ended up um, moving back home
into the house with my children until the day
that I was dumped off out of the country with
nothing but a an extra outfit besides the clothes
on my back and no warning. Financially cut off.
um homeless effectively um with nothing told that
my delusions my and my memories were false. Um my
husband had said he was going to file for divorce.
The divorce papers came through a process server.
Um and they were not divorce papers. They were a
protective order to forbid me from returning home
to retrieve any of my belongings or come within a
thousand ft of my children. Uh, and this is how we
know the judicial system is corrupt because like
the police were sent, a process server was sent
with all these different types of things and and
the the the due process was different than what is
actually typical. Um, and so we know, right, that
they have they have people positioned in all of
these different places. And anyone that is in the
cult has relationships with law enforcement. They
have relationships with judges, with lawyers. It's
not hard to do. And so, um, because I was so sick,
um, I did not dispute the protective order, um,
because I was unable. I realized at this point to
safely return and be anywhere near my abusers.
I couldn't heal if I was anywhere around them
at this point. And this was now a time for me to
pursue healing so that I could be healthy for my
children so that I could fight for them so that
uh I they will be restored for me to me. Now,
um I was eventually granted uh a visitation right
over the phone because I'm, you know, 5 hours away
from them in a different country um in Canada.
Um my children are in Washington and they do
this intentionally, right? They they have people
they you know they select your spouse for you and
there's a lot of uh this is really common across
the border because in the event that somebody
begins to defy the cult um they can uh create a
tremendous legal hassle by putting them across
the border um where it's difficult to really um to
really access any services or access any funds. Um
like for example um I can't yeah there's there's
just a whole rigomeal of reasons I can't can't
even get on disability in order to get financial
help or anything like that. Um so it's kind of
a nightmare. So I was I was kind of launched I
was catapulted out of the country. I was given
uh half an hour on Tuesdays to talk to both of my
children together on the phone. under supervision.
And I did that three times. And um my children
were being so closely coerced and handled during
our conversations, what I was allowed to
say or talk about, what they were allowed
to say or talk about that by the third visit,
and it's like you're just like it's I mean,
how stressful is that? You have half an hour once
a week on the phone just to see your kids. They do
this just to torture mothers. It's just to torture
mothers. And my son actually had to lie down. He
got sick. Um because I had said to them, "Do you
understand where I went? I I would like to know
what you were told." Because I wasn't even given
the opportunity to say goodbye. I was just dumped
off somewhere. Um I said, I you know, it's not
my choice to be here. I wanted them to know that
I I did not leave them, that I was removed and I
was legally being prevented from returning home
to see them. And like I just I wanted to have
a conversation with him about it and it wasn't
even on the table. Um he was hauled out of the
room, came back in, said he wasn't allowed to
talk about it. Then he got dizzy and had to lay
down. This was my nine-year-old who's nine or
um a 10 at this at this time. And so after that
third time, um I sent a message to my husband
and I said, "I am not agreeing to this anymore.
I will speak I will visit with my children. I
will speak with my children on my terms or not at
all. This is inhumane and this is abusive." And
um and so um it's been about a year now, almost
a year now, and I have not had any contact with
them physically or over the phone. I'm not I'm
struggling um today um to articulate this in a way
that isn't in a a a you know in a way that is um
linear um and makes a lot of sense because it is
such a grief to me to not have access to them to
not be have even been able to have a conversation
about with them about where I am or why or what
has happened. It is so cruel and so demented the
way that I have been treated. Um, and I can't just
the trauma. Um, it's just a hard thing to talk
about. So, that's why I'm kind of bouncing all
over the place. And, and because I have I'm split,
um, I have a lot of parts. I have a lot of
different things to say. And so, I interrupt
myself a lot. And so I just really appreciate
the grace of of you who are listening. Um,
and I hope you can kind of understand and kind of
follow and I I hope there's something um there's
somebody out there who who will feel less alone
through you know just hearing this experience. But
um you know I asked I I had I had requested
could I at least get some drawings. My oldest
son especially is a just an phenomenal artist. Um
that was something really special that we used to
do together and we used to bond together over
um I was not sent uh anything. Um absolutely
nothing. No Mother's Day message, no no Mother's
Day messages, no drawings, um no um just nothing.
Just completely cut off. I wasn't even allowed to
mail a gift to their house for their birthdays.
um still have no idea what it is that they
have been told. Um but I am not mentally
ill. Dissociative disorder is a mechanism for
survival. It's not a mental illness. Um and I'm
angry. I am incredibly angry. But this time, as
excruciating as it has been, has afforded me to
apply the strategy that I've gotten from the Lord.
Um, and it's taken a lot of faith and a lot of
patience. Not to show all my cards right now. Um,
but um, I have to say, Yah is so brilliant and he
is so wise. Um, and so I am just clinging to him
through faith that he has promised me that what he
has been leading me to do during this time is is
working. It's going to work. It is such a biblical
thing that the enemy ins snares himself in his own
traps. He falls in his own pit. He's ins snared by
his own devices, his own craftiness, and his own
words. Um, and so I'm just clinging in faith, um,
as I'm watching this unfold in absolute awe, um,
that I am going to be restored with my children.
Um, and um, and um, everything that has been done
in darkness is going to be exposed and they will
know exact they will know the truth. Um, and so
that's where I'm at right now pertaining to that.
Your convictions are so powerful. I get chills
whenever I listen to you speak because you really
do it from your heart and in such a genuine and
authentic way. And you actually didn't skip around
at all in my opinion. I thought everything really
flowed well. How you were able to explain all of
that and how it connected. And I mean just to
unpack some of it, you know, this is so common
within our community and it's so something that
is so shielded from the public on how a survivor
is treated after they start to display whether
it's physical memories or body memories or you
know what could be labeled as a psychosis. Um
which is so ridiculous that um survivors could
be penalized for that. Of course, if you remember
the things that you and others have went through,
who wouldn't go into a psychosis? Remembering
those things, I mean, just hearing about it
could put somebody in a really hard mental state
if they they've never heard of some of these uh
types of abuses that, you know, children like you
had to endure and survive. horrific, you know, but
just seeing these playbooks happen over and over
and over again and that they happen and they do it
in such a strategic way where you hear your story
and you see how you're going through life thinking
that that the events happening, the people that
you're meeting that it's all organic, that there's
nothing really coincidental, that this is a path
that you chose for yourself, a partner that you
chose for yourself, a decision that you made for
yourself, and then having to realize looking back
that these people were 10 steps ahead of you had
planned a way for all of these events to occur for
you knowing that the fate would be as soon as she
starts remembering. We know she's going to and as
soon as she starts um recalling we know exactly
what we're going to do. We have all the pieces in
place. We have we know what church she might go
to. We know what friend might might comfort her.
We know her husband is under our control. we know
exactly what we're going to tell the children and
we know her uh all the resources that she has and
we're going to take them away. I mean, it is just
mindblowing how strategic this Darvo is. this this
abuse after abuse is and how how long in advance
they're able to sort of conduct this path to where
it can completely sidetrack you to where it's only
after the fact you and so many others can say,
"Oh my gosh, I I see now exactly how this was all
orchestrated, but they made it feel so organic and
so natural that that I was choosing all of this,
you know, and and it's just really horrible.
how we're treated, you know, you look at how
like a military vet is treated after a war, you
know, and all the empathy that that society has
for them and how of course there's flaws in that
system, too. You know, there's it's definitely not
a perfect healing system, but at least society
has empathy for that. When a soldier starts
sharing that they experienced a lot of really hard
things um while in war or while in the military,
you know, we really accept that as oh my
gosh, that's so heartbreaking. You know,
we can't even imagine. But when a survivor comes
forward and and says the same types of things that
are extremely traumatic and that can literally
put somebody into a a state of psychosis or
um you know worse because of what they went
through. You know, it's really horrible that
these families get away with helping orchestrate
sort of the perfect cover up of of the abuse
that they incurred on the survivor. And so, right
from going to a psych ward to knowing, all right,
that's on her record. The second she tries to to
get the kids or the second that she starts to,
you know, move away from the family and possibly
takes the kids, we have this right on her record
that we can go to the courts and use against her
and it's going to be in our favor and she doesn't
even know it, you know. And it's just so malicious
and so sinister how every detail is so carefully
orchestrated and that they're literally, you know,
seeing years into the future and they're so scared
of their secrets getting out that they literally
have like a fail safe for every single possible
scenario that could possibly happen to where you
might share, you know, and and looking at a story
like yours, it's just like it leaves your jaw on
the floor seeing how many people were involved in
orchestrating this and you know how in your mind
these were people that should have loved you,
should have cared about you, should have wanted
you uh to heal and and should have been there
supporting you in your time of need. Especially
hearing about your husband just leaving whenever
you're in despair asking him for help as a parent,
you know, and and hearing just the the psychotic
nature of his response, you know, you look at
all of this and then them contacting a priest
before you even get there and having that all
planned out in advance, you know, so you you're
you can't even go to a place like a church, which
should be a safe haven for survivors and get help.
And so it's just it's so devastating hearing this
and I am so so sorry that they targeted you this
way and orchestrated the removal of your children
because you are one of the most loving amazing
mothers in the whole world. And all I can say is
that these people picked the mom the wrong mom to
mess with and your children picked the right mom.
Your children are so lucky that they have a mother
who's going to understand what they went through
whenever they get out. Um, they're so lucky that
they have a mother who's willing to literally
put her life on the line to fight for them. And
they're so lucky that they have such a loving,
amazing mother on the other side of this who
is going to embrace them when they too have the
freedom to be able to leave and to be in your arms
again. And I just ask everybody that they pray for
this, that they pray over you and your family and
your children, that not only this gets exposed,
but that you get reunited with your children as
soon as possible and they can escape the way that
you did and not be in the the the strongholds of
evil in the spirit as well as in the physical
with their family. Amen. Thank you. And I have
nothing in and of myself to be able to fight this
entity. You know, like you like you you said,
Emma, you're right. They have the the capa the web
that they weave around um around people so that
they can never escape. it goes up to the highest
levels um of of even our justice even our justice
system. Um and and so I take I take courage in
the fact though they haven't picked a fight with
me. They have picked a fight with the most high.
So they have already lost. Scripture is so clear.
There are countless references um to this
kind of activity in scripture and scripture
and against especially those who are trying to
escape and repent and and come come back to come
back to faith. Yahw totally lays them waste. He
utterly destroys um those who will not heed his
long-suffering and merciful warnings. And when
they lay these traps and these these snares um
they are the ones that end up entrapped in them.
It's just we have to walk in faith. Um and as we
do, we start to see that begin to happen. And um
and when we react in fear, that's sort of when
we become reinsslaved again. um to thinking that
that these entities that be are are more powerful
um than than the truth. And it's just it's just
not it's just not true. And I'm already just
the fact that I was able to escape and stand
here today um and testify um and having gotten
through that rambling little testimony about my
children um without switching is a testimony to
the glory of Yahw and his power because I
could not have done that the last interview
we did together. I couldn't even go there. I
couldn't even talk talked about everything else.
uh but but my children um and so he is you know he
is bringing strength you know I found files on my
own program in the documents of one of my abusers
um and it included um oh I'm so tempted to say
the name of it uh but um it's all going to come
out um in a in a different in a different forum
um but there was there was details in in the
technology ology that was being used um uh that
was being planned and some really dark stuff. And
so um you know Yah knows how to make sloppy joe's
out of the Illuminati. Um he really really does
because you know as scripture says the fear of
Yahw is the beginning of wisdom. unless you fear
him, you're not, you know, going to have that kind
of you're not going to have wisdom. And so, so I
made some discoveries that with his help that were
just far bigger than I ever could have imagined.
And so I'm I'm working on building my testimony
um with details um outside of the eyes of the
Roman mob as we're calling it uh to be released at
the right time and in the future when the impact
will be big enough due to the inclusions uh and
the completeness of it. Um I we we um withdrew
our podcast uh on the main platform for the time
being. It um because of threats being made to the
family that was supporting me from my family of
origin from the cult. There was just some nasty
threats. Um and I don't believe any of them would
prosper. Um, but you know, I began to see that
as things came into light and I was as I was
collecting evidence and as memories were returning
that this is way bigger than just me. Um,
and so it's actually good to uh embrace I think
a season of hiddenness for the time being. Um,
but I do encourage uh people to subscribe to
us at the Quickening Project um on YouTube. We
are on Spotify at least for the music for now
and then for the eventual I pray Yahw willing
restoration of of the podcast because we are
we are called to obedience to Yahw even against
threats and intimidation from the enemy and to
proclaim the truth like a city on the hill. And
um and so we're just in a season regarding the
podcast of of recalibration. Um, and so when it is
eventually released, the fullness of my testimony,
affidavit, book, and more, and other interviews
I'm doing on platforms, just alone uh by myself
cuz I have personally nothing to lose now. Um,
this will then totally expose the camp of the
enemy. um they'll be um I I pray brought to
their knees so that they can be granted repentance
and forgiveness and ultimately salvation. But you
know a big shock is coming and you know I've done
my best to warn those in the cult many of which
as I have said were family friends that I love
to repent and seek the truth so they can be on
the right side of this exposure when it comes. Um
but nobody will venture into the light and they
in instead continue to choose to cast shadows on
their works in both denial and malicious intent
to continue their campaign of slander and threats
and vile actions against me against those who have
helped me when I was left destitute and by effect
uh my children. Um and so um but I do encourage
you to come and enjoy the music. It's been such a
healing mechanism. Um, we've been writing writing
music and and producing it in in 444 hertz, which
is just a really powerful healing frequency. Um,
that is believed to be the key of David. Um, and
so, um, yeah, you know, there's so much I want to
say. I'm chomping at the bit, but I'm I'm learning
to grow in patience and and restraint a and wisdom
and to to not um um yeah, I think there's some
things right now that have come to light that
are better built in secret to avoid, you know,
the hassle because I know you haven't received
any threats from my, you know, ex family, um
but other podcasters and interviewers that
um I have um been on have received threats of
lawsuits and and things like that. It's all
just fluff. I mean, it's not going to come
to anything. Um but it's just it's just not
worth the engagement and the harassment right
now. Um but eventually this disclosure will be
nuclear and it will bring healing to me, many
others. I believe justice and and vindication.
Wow. Oh my goodness. That is amazing that you're
working on so much behind the scenes and that you
were backed into a corner. Instead of cowering,
you took that as a way to empower yourself. Like
you said, you have nothing to lose now. They took
everything. And so the they actually put you in a
position of of power. And I really love that like
you can recognize those moments. I especially,
you know, you told that um in your testimony a
little bit earlier about the power exchange while
you were at your programmer's house and seeing
how his reaction to you went from that of that
psychopathic I own her, I control her mentality
to, oh my gosh, I do not have control over this
person anymore. And I'm terrified of that. I had
a guest on my podcast named Carrie Alah and she
had said in one episode and it was so impactful.
She was like talking about how she would feel now
if she saw her abuser and on the streets and how
she would feel and she said it's like they build
a really [__] sharp weapon and now it's pointed
at them, you know. And she's like that's how I
would feel if I walked by my abuser. I wouldn't
I wouldn't be scared anymore. He would be. And I
was like, gosh, that's such a beautiful, you know,
sort of taking your power back moment of of being
empowered in those times when they want you to
cower and not s uh being susceptible anymore to
the fear tactics that they have employed on you
your entire life. to be able to to step forward
when you should be afraid and be fearless and
knowing that you're putting that fear back where
it belongs in their eyes and in their hearts
and making them cower instead of it being you.
And you can really hear that in your voice, you
know, and now, I mean, it's it's a it's amazing
hearing you and others speak out who are at that
point where they're ready because, you know,
hearing how you describe yourself before and how
they, you know, with all the years of of grooming
and abuse and torture and programming and where
they were able to get you to be in that point
where you were more submissive, you know, and
and to hear what's on the other side of taking
that power back and in in doing that healing work
to where you just sound so confident and powerful
today and like I can't even picture you any other
way. Like I know that this is the way that God
intended you to be and to to be able to approach
your life, you know, fearless and just incredibly
courageous. That Thank you. I appreciate that.
It's, you know, it's it's been such a grace and
you're totally right. like something broke when
I repented and pleaded for mercy and forgiveness
um for the perpetrator group that day after the
psych ward. Like I like this this looked like I
don't know if you've ever seen the movie Homeland
with Carrie like one of one she's a detective. It
looked like like it was a total red string wall.
Like it looked it would have looked to anybody
that had seen it or even to myself to think, "Wow,
what what are you doing in here?" But this this is
the thing about the Holy Spirit is he he calls us
to do things according to his word. And sometimes
those things are really unconventional and they
look ridiculous or crazy or foolish to the eyes of
men. I mean, Yeshua was was was driven to the edge
of a cliff because they were calling him crazy
when he was preaching the message of the gospel um
and uh talking about, you know, the truth. And so,
we have to be kind of willing um to do things
according to the leading of his spirit. But
you're right, something broke off of me, too,
when I began to repent for the sins of my family.
And I saw the sh the power shift. I was now the
power was now with me. And I the programming was
no longer working. The trigger words were no
longer working. I was no longer under control
of my handler or programmer. And as fear began
to grew in grow in them, the power of love and
grace and mercy and a desire for justice began
to grow in me. And sometimes people have to be
brought often low to the brink of absolute poverty
of spirit and a recognition of their own depravity
and consequences in the realm of the physical
in order to rescue them and snatch them from the
flames of of hellfire that that that you know our
sins have have incurred. Um, and so I whatever it
is that Aba would have me do, I will do because
I know he will meet me with the power to do with
that to do that. And when we fear him, we don't
fear fear man. Um, but but that broke down that
broke this altar that had been in my family
during this process of of fasting and prayer
before my red string wall of sins of the cult. and
my and somebody in my family actually had found it
um in the back of the walk-in closet of the room
that I was staying. That was kind of my my warfare
and and room of room of intercession at the time.
And asked if I was okay. And I laughed and I said,
"Yes, I know this looks bad, especially after
just coming out of the hospital." Um I said and
and I said, "Would you like me to tell you about
it?" And and this person said he said, "Sure."
And I said, "Well, I'm repenting for the sins of
our family." Um, and I I I don't have, you know,
the ability necessarily to repent for the sins
of another, but I can bring their sins before the
throne um in an offering of repentance for um I
believe in in the heart of the lamb who, you know,
um who bore our sins and ask him to um stir up um
to stir up both justice and mercy. see to to end
this now. Even if I have to be the first one to
bushwack through and get cut and bruised and and
beaten, I know that that that that covenant with
Satan was broken during that fast and it's going
to come to full fruition at some point. I really
truly believe that I'm going to see eventually
um the rest of my family get saved. I do too. I
really feel that way. And I feel like right now
is kind of that tipping point, you know, where
my hope is you and others who have been speaking
out will get the recognition, you know, from the
public as well, so they can support you in your
in your missions. Cuz historically, it's been sort
of the opposite. you know, you get called and gas
lit and called crazy from your family and then you
go to society and they they call you a conspiracy
theorist for talking about this. And I feel like
we're really pushing past the hump of those days
as well where now people are starting to hear
about this more and more and it's starting to be
something that makes sense in their minds. They're
starting to lose faith in the same authority that
rules over them. What a courageous woman you are.
You think about all these generations that this
went on in your family. All these people just even
in your own story, just the few people that you've
talked about just on this podcast, all those
people, this huge network and web of people,
and not one of them ever had the courage to do
what you did. And then you look generationally at
their parents and all these people's grandparents
and all these people's great-grandparents,
all these people's children if they have them,
or children's children. You know, you look at
all the different generations that this spans. How
many people are involved in just one testimony of
one survivor and that one person in all these
generations couldn't take the programming,
couldn't comply with the control, couldn't obey
the evil and the the spiritual direction that
these cults and these families try to lead
you into so you can carry it on to the next
generation, you know. And man, what a hero you
are. You know, it's it really is amazing getting
to see that you are holding so much faith and
that that you've come so far to where you can
carry yourself with with his word and and share
that with the with the world and lead with that
in a way that that is with integrity and love and
compassion, you know, and and the fact that you're
looking for every single way to get justice, you
know. I hope that that this gives people hope on
the other side of the screen as well, hearing
you, you know, and hearing your convictions and
your positivity and your confidence, you know,
and I know that we're all rooting for you on
this side of the screen and that we all are here
for you, you know, and and I know that whatever
whatever direction God is leading you in, whatever
strategy he is helping you concoct is going to
just be dynamite, you know, and that's my hope as
well that the people involved decide to join you,
you know, ultim Ultimately, there's going to
be two groups of people. There's going to be
the people who put their hands up and say, "All
right, I was caught. I want to leave. I want
to heal. I'm done with this. I've wanted
to get out forever and didn't have a way,
and now I do. And I want to be like Kadai. I want
to be like these other survivors who who healed,
you know." But there's also going to be the people
who will fight till their last breath. They'll
fight to the death to take this to the grave with
them and want nothing to do with the healing and
with with coming over to the other side, you know.
And so we'll have to reckon with that. But these
conversations, I think, help pave the way for the
compassion because ultimately we we hope 100% of
the people in these systems will want to take the
high road and want to repent and heal, you know,
and that we need to be there with open arms just
like how you are when that time comes when this
big exposure does happen. um that we're receiving
people with love and compassion and and wanting
wanting them to go on a healing journey, you know,
and not not letting the emotion of how hard these
things are that people like you go through affect
us in a way that makes us violent and makes us,
you know, very similar to the same people that
we're trying to expose. And you are just such a
wonderful example of leading in a way that I wish
more people heard. You know, I I really feel like
survivors are going to change the world.
If everybody could hear these testimonies,
there would be a renewed faith in not just
God, but I think just in humanity with with
reclaiming our empathy, too, you know, and our
power. And uh I just want to thank you from the
bottom of my heart for demonstrating the way
that you do because you're just it's really
beautiful listening to you talk about these
things as hard as it is. Wow. you know, in um
yeah, I'm I appreciate the encouragement. Um I'm
you know as you're speaking I'm remembering in uh
2018 when I was um a new mother and afraid for my
children and and wanting uh freedom for them from
from these generational uh just generationally
handed down cult activity. Um I was on my face uh
in prayer and um Yahw said to me, "Are you willing
um you know and I didn't understand the full scope
of what he of what was about to happen at this
time. Um but I knew I was going to lose everything
and I began to shake and tremble in fear." And so
I want to just mention this as as we talk about
courage because yes, courage is so important.
But I shook and I trembled in in fear and I said,
"Yes, yeah, I am willing, but I am terrified and I
need you to make me brave." Um, and so I just like
lay on my back and I just cried in a a position
of just surrender with my heart up and I said,
"I need you to do surgery on my heart to purge
me of fear of man." because I just I just knew
that I was going to for the next 7 to 8 years
and and possibly longer begin to hemorrhage
everything that was near and dear to me because of
my obedience and because of the task that he had
asked me to begin back then to bring um exposure.
Um and um you know it so courage is often I think
doing things scared doing it scared you know when
Gideon was visited by the angel of the Lord and
told to burn down his father's altar to Baal he
was terrified and shaking and you know I kind you
it's a funny passage in Judges 6-7 the angel finds
him in a panic attack and and says oh mighty man
of valor. And and that's just the spirit of of our
Yah of Yahwa is he's so meek and gentle and lowly
and humble as awesome and mighty and powerful
and terrible and as fearsome as he is. He sees
us. We may be doing things knock need scared and
trembling. But when we obey faith rather than fear
and we take that step even if we're terrified, he
calls us brave. He calls us a man or a woman that
is mighty and full of valor. And so I want to just
encourage that uh for anyone who is listening who
who who may feel weak um that um it's okay to feel
the fear and to choose not to obey it and walk in
faith anyway. It doesn't mean that you are not
brave. It doesn't mean that you are not strong.
It's it's actually the opposite. And um if if
you are being led to expose um an evil or wicked
scheme for the sake of setting captives free,
um you can do that by by his power and through
his word and and through faithful obedience
and coming into a covenant um with Christ uh
the way that he tells us to do it in his word.
It's just incredibly simple. It's not easy. Um,
but it is simple. And it's actually a mercy to the
perpetrator group to expose them. Um, it's a mercy
not just to those that they have been harming or
have harmed, but it's a mercy to them as well.
um even if we're angry um so that they don't carry
this to the grave so that Yahw may bring them low
that they may repent and be saved. You know, he's
not going to do that. He doesn't call, you know,
and choose everybody. Um um but there's a lot of
just there's a lot of people who will be exposed
and they will still refuse to to repent. Um but
there is no sin too grievous for uh the blood
of the lamb to be able to completely wash away.
And so we have to be willing um to obey him um no
matter the cost for the sake of those we love cuz
a lot of our perpetrators, you know, we have, you
know, have split us, right? So we have parts that
really love them. Parts that may be um working
through unforgiveness, harboring bitterness and
resentment that we have to we have to with his
help um give up to him because justice is his
and he will repay. But we do love these people,
you know. We really do love these people. I'm
not out to accuse anybody. Um, I'm just walking
one step at a time according to his leading. And
And so, um, yeah, we're going to we're going to
encounter fear. We're going to be tempted to to
to not um to not walk in courage because there's
going to be warfare, right? Spiritual warfare
um is intense. We don't fight against, you know,
human beings, but but powers and principalities,
uh, not flesh and blood. And so, we really have to
do this with the help of his word and the sword of
the spirit. And there's a lot of other types of um
paths that people will take uh that will seem to
work for a while, but ultimately, you know, when
we when we get to the end the end of this road, if
we're counting on the methodologies of this world
or other other, you know, uh or the um faculties
of man, we're going to or the righteousness of
ourselves, we're going to ultimately come up
up short. And so that's the freedom of all of
this is that we don't walk through this based on
our own courage or our own righteousness at all,
but on the righteousness of him who who gives his
righteousness to us so that we can stand through
this. And and you know, we chatted a little bit
the last three days and I'm I'm going through it
right now. Like you probably hear my my voice is
different from the last few times we have spoken.
I have been under such uh spiritual warfare
leading up to just this interview uh because
the powers and principalities are petrified.
And I had I had even been visited by an entity
uh that identified itself as Abdon um under the
name Abdon um uh a couple of nights ago that came
into where I was sleeping the minute I lay down um
in my bed and began to choke and strangle me and
uh threaten me that if I threaten me not to
speak. Um, and so, you know, this this stuff
is real. This stuff is intense. And we're going to
feel those dark energies. We're going to feel the
fear. Um, and so we really really really really
This is why I'm so passionate about this because
if it weren't for the word of Yah, I would not
have survived to the point of being alive right
now. And there were times I didn't want to survive
it, but I would have rather been dead than have
to go through all of this. And I'm still deeply
deeply suffering um as I'm navigating this. Um
but without his word, I would not have been able
to survive the spiritual warfare. I would not have
learned the armor of of Yahw in Ephesians that
you reference in your opening prayer often, Emma.
And so there's just no other way. And regarding,
you know, exposure, um, you know, I think about
the woman at the well who was so astonished and
bewildered by Christ when he visited her who he
was drawn towards this woman in her sinful state
and he appeared to her first and he just laid her
sins before her. the sins that all the sins that
she these sin this pattern of sin that she had had
in her life and she's simply going about her life
uh you know undoubtedly laden with the burden of
her sin whether she knows it or not and and he
comes up to her and he unpacks her sin before
her without even an introduction in just the most
bewildering way because our Messiah is so good and
so loving and so merciful and he's stirred with
compassion and good news and he didn't approach
her to condemn her for it. Um but to tell her of
her need for the living water as she's drawing
water from this well for his living water which is
his word which is themselves so that she never you
know thirsts again. And my favorite part is how
she responds. She ran back to the village to tell
everyone. You know what would have happened if
she'd been offended when Christ told her about her
past when he lay her sins before her? What? She
She could have denied it. She could have feared
the light shining into her darkness before. The
only one who could really see and know the depths
of her heart and her past and everything she'd
ever done. She could have defended herself. She
could have made excuses, tried to cover up her
shame. She could have been angry, offended. She
could have run from this only water that could
wash her sin and make her new. But she didn't
choose to hide in shame because the savior came
to take it from her with his love and with his
holiness. And so that's the love of our savior and
that's how I want to be and that's how I try to be
when I am presented with conviction. Um whether
through somebody else or if I'm confronted by his
spirit or whether just through his word as I read
it, I want to be like her. I want I don't want to
reject it. I don't want to reject um reject it.
I don't want to fall back into the bondage of
scrambling to atone for myself or to hide um or
to hide it or you know because otherwise I would
carry on in the slavery of my ignorance until the
reckoning day. And this is how I see these members
of of the cult that so many of us are so livid
with and disgusted by um but yet love at the same
time because a lot of these people are family,
spouses, people we have grown up with. Um and so
um you know maybe I don't know why I'm sharing
this. Maybe maybe there is maybe a family member
is going to locate this interview. Maybe a member
of the cult. And so this may be a message held out
to these individual that we to these individuals
that that we perish on the ground of our our own
righteousness, but by his stripes were healed. And
unless we try to mop it up and brush it under the
like if we try to mop it up and brush it under the
rug, you know, we might be white as bleach through
the eyes of man, but not white as snow, not washed
clean, completely forgiven, emancipated as if we
had never sinned. And I had done a lot of horrific
things in the cult. And um he took my shame from
me through humility and through repentance.
It's it's his loving kindness that brings us
to repentance. And and so and so I just I hold
out this this spring of water welling up with
eternal life. And for anyone listening now you
know where where the well is. Amen to that. And
once again, another beautiful lesson of overcoming
something that can be so debilitating for people,
that shame and guilt. Um, I had on my podcast one
time Harry Alah again, but she had said one of the
ways she started reckoning with her own shame
was imagining some of the the abuse situation
she was forced to perpetrate in and imagining
a police officer standing there as a witness to
it without the abuser knowing. And she said if if
that was the case and there was people there that
could persecute, if they were looking at the
situation, who would they persecute? the the
child, the the young person that's forced by the
hand of an adult to commit a crime or the adult
forcing the child. And she's like, obviously
they they wouldn't go send a child to jail if
they saw an adult coercing them, whether through
mind control or physically with their own hands,
you know, to per to perpetrate. You know, I think
that's a really important part of this journey is
being able to look at that through different eyes.
you know, I can't even imagine the heaviness of of
having to even look at it at all, you know,
much less the feelings and emotions that it
must bring up. But it's it's really important
I think that you know we cross that that line
at some point you know and and try to let that
go too and and put that shame and guilt where
it belongs because you know without the mind
control without manipulation without grooming
without this generational abuse happening
if all of that didn't exist in the family
nobody would have ever been put in a position to
begin with that would involve perpetration. So,
it's wonderful once again and hopefully that gives
people hope on the other side of the screen who
are carrying that, you know, that now might be
the time to let that go and to really look at
it through a different lens as emotional and
painful as those moments can be. to be able to
see it through different eyes and to see it in a
way that helps represent you in your good heart,
you know, and putting that back to where to where
it belongs. And to to really understand that that
coercion, manipulation, mind control, um amnesia
to what you're doing, drugging, that those things,
you know, aren't something that that you should
be carrying guilt for. you should be pointing
the finger at somebody and saying, "Why the heck
would you do that to a young person, to a child,
you know, and put them in those positions and give
them those things and do those things to them,
you know. So, it's really wonderful to see that
you've come so far in your healing journey to
be able to breathe more free and to get to take
that weight off of you, you know, and to throw it
off because you can tell in your voice you sound
very light and more at peace, you know, and even
though there may still be work to do, there might
still be a whole lifetime of work to do, you know,
being able to take some of that weight off even if
it doesn't fix every single little thing can just
be so tremendously important in in a journey of
healing when there's so many different boulders on
that somebody wears and carries every day. I pray
so you know his yoke is easy and his burden is
light. He says, "Come to me all who are weary and
heavy laden and I will give you rest. I am I am
gentle and lowly." And and that's how he describes
himself and that's how he is for those who will
come in humility and in need. uh for those who who
will who firmly remain in rebellion and defiance
um are going to meet are going to meet uh the side
that is to be greatly greatly feared. Um and so I
yeah I pray you know um yeah I pray so I think
about you know I'm thinking about my oldest and
and um I'm thinking about you know we see things
in our children sometimes we see generational
patterns being passed down despite our best
efforts that can be sometimes concerning or or
sometimes frustrating and we think I don't want
you to have to suffer this in this way the way
that I did. And I and I remember um I had taken
my children to the museum in Lynen, Washington
um which is a tremendous occult town and um u they
but they love the museum there and I just thought
it might be an interesting educational experience.
I had just taken them out of school to homeschool.
And this was right before I was um ostracized
and and marooned by my family. They they were
so scared of my coming to a knowledge of the truth
and my growing independence that they had to they
had to put in place that protective order just to
keep me away. The grounds of the protective order
were ridiculous. There there there were no there
were no proper grounds. my my faith and and my
delusions because I'm very open and I talk about
spiritual warfare and I do operate in in prophetic
gifts. They were so terrified they had to have a
protective order just to keep me from just to keep
me away, just to keep away the light and figure
out what the heck they were going to do. That that
was what it was for. I mean, I'm not violent. I'm
not going to hurt them. Um but they just couldn't
bear to have me around and they knew that they
had lost. Otherwise, they wouldn't have done this.
so they could continue to have access to me, to
continue to exert control, to continue to keep me
under their thumb, but they knew they had lost. So
they had to they had to get me just get me as far
away as possible. And so I say hallelujah to that,
but um I suppose that was a bit of a rabbit trail,
but I I was at the museum with my children and
we came across a a Freemason exhibit about the
Freemasons in town. Um, and they had their creepy,
you know, all the creepy, it was, of course,
it was w mannequins with faces, too. You know,
those old mannequins with faces wearing the the
Freemason aprons and the table with the Holy Bible
and the dagger and some of the ritualistic items
that the Masons use. And my youngest said, "Oh,
mom, look over here." He said, "What is this?" And
I said, "Oh." I said, "Yeah." He said, "Oh, it's
creepy." And I said, "You're right. It is creepy."
And so I I I gave him a very simple answer.
I said um you know there there are people
uh who Yeah. Well, I said I pointed out the Bible
first. I said, "Yeah, you see the Bible with a
dagger on it." And and he said, "Yeah, what's that
about?" And you know, he was eight at this time.
Um he had just turned eight. And I said, "Well,
there there are a lot of people in in the world
who use the Bible." um and pretend to be, you
know, they profess to be Christians. They say
that they believe in God and they believe a lot
of the things that are in the Bible, but they
actually use it for secret um and bad purposes.
And I just gave him a super simple explanation.
And my oldest son didn't even want to look at
the exhibit. He just wanted to keep walking.
Um and um we were in the car after and he he was
really quiet. Um and he's he he he brought it up
um the the Masonic exhibit and and he said, "Mom,"
he said, "we have to tell them. We have to tell
them." And I just I couldn't even speak for for
a moment. And eventually as we're driving home,
this conversation's taking place. And I I just
said, "We will. We will." And so, um, on some
level, my children know, um, they know. They know
the truth no matter what they've been told. Um and
I I know that I have done my best despite my dis
own dysfunction, despite my own guilt that has
been absolved, despite um my own um inability that
I have done my best to teach and train my children
in the faith so that they will have, you know, in
order to prepare them essentially for my eventual
departure, you know, which of course has been this
past year. And so I I do take comfort and that
helps me on those grievous nights not to fall into
despair and remember that I that as long as you
know I continue to operate in faith um they will
be protected and that part of an the inheritance
um of a child of Yah is um you know restoration
is a blessing ing upon all the generations uh that
will follow. And so that's why it's really
important for us as as mothers or or maybe
fathers in some cases to to be willing to be the
first one to say it stops here. It stops with me.
Um and that will have a trickle down effect upon
our children as well. He will bless them. And so
I have full and total confidence as painful as it
is and as much as I miss them every single day um
that that is there's going to be such a a mighty
reunion um at the right time and so I look forward
to that. We all look forward to that. And for
people listening, is there anything at all that
people can do to support you? I know you haven't
gone public with all of this yet. Um, I know that,
um, there's still a level of anonymity that you
are keeping to protect yourself at the moment,
even though I know that that that'll change soon.
Um, but is there anything that that people can do
to support you in your quest to get your children?
If there's anybody listening that could have a
resource or anything. Thank you for asking. Um,
I appreciate it. at this moment in time. Uh the
the best way you could bless me would be to come
and enjoy um the music that um I've been writing
and producing uh with two others. Um and um you
know if you are moved uh to extend a hand of help,
you you can contact me uh on Instagram at
thequickening or um the quickening project.
Um I I don't you know I don't ask for money.
I don't ask for anything like that. But after
the last interview, somebody uh one or two people
did reach out to ask if I had a GoFundMe that they
might be able to help support the cost of living
um you know pay for any medical bills um potential
legal legal fees and that sort of thing. And so I
do have a GoFundMe page. You could even probably
Google it. Kadaya GoFundMe if you're moved. Um
I would just be incredibly blessed. Um but you
know I I really don't I don't like you know asking
for money. Um, at this point I I am um I am um you
know I'm not lacking in my basic needs that he Aba
is providing for me um every day um you know and
so I'm just kind of learning to trust um that he
is my provider and he has been doing that through
just the kindness and the generosity of others. Um
there's just a lot of there's a lot of darkness in
the world, but there's a lot of goodness, too. Um
so yeah, thanks. I appreciate that. Um you could
pray um you could pray for continued um strength,
wisdom, uh provision. Um I you know you know it's
interesting with the divorce the when my husband
had said and I went through the conversation this
conversation in the last interview that he was
filing for divorce and uh then basically just
hung up the phone and I wanted to ask if there was
a gun to his head. Turned out not to be a divorce
protective order. Divorce papers still a year
later have not come and I would happily sign them.
believe me. Um and I and um and so um um this is
I believe for the reason of simply not wanting to
divide up our assets to continue to make sure that
I lack um but you know my you know thanks be to
Yah um you know as he says if he's our shepherd
we lack nothing and um so that turned out to be
true but that's kind of a there there I'm kind of
in a no man's land regarding that. And um I can't
go into some of the reasons why I'm making the
the the decisions legally that I'm making right
now. It's all going to be explained um later
as certain things are established. Um some of
these things will seem foolish to the world and
and the ways of man. But I have a strategy that
I've been given to from from the kingdom of heaven
um that I have to faithfully walk out and follow
um until I see it come to full fruition. And and
so far it's going really well, exactly as Yahw
had said that it would. And that really moves me
too that people went out of their way to ask you
because we didn't talk about that last time. So,
I'm really grateful that I asked today and and I'm
really happy that you put together a GoFundMe and
that you have music that people can support um in
these different ways that you know people can jump
on your journey and help you grow whether it is as
an artist or in your pursuit of justice. You know,
many of us hate asking for money or for help. But
what I've come to realize is so many people have
more than they need and want. They feel good about
giving and but they're stuck with nonprofits.
They're stuck with uh you know political campaigns
like so many people are putting money places
because it makes them feel good and it's a genuine
I want to help in some way. I I work I have kids.
I can't quit everything and jump on board but I
have $5. I have $100. I have a few thousand.
I have a job or an opportunity or I can hire
them or I need their services and can pay them for
it. You know, there's so many different ways that
people just genuinely feel helpless and want to
help. And I don't think there's any shame at all
in being being somebody who can receive that, you
know, because we want you to continue your pursuit
of justice. We want all if you have to go to
court and fight, we want you to have every single
penny that you possibly need so finances aren't
something that stops you. We want you to have
support so you have a community that that you can
lean on. We want you to have podcasts that you can
go on and be able to share that aren't going to
ostracize you or diminish your story in some way.
You know, we want people to support your music so
you can eventually, if you're not already getting
paid for that, you know, make that into something
that can also be a way for you to provide for
yourself. You know, so many survivors are in a
place where it can be really destabilizing to go
work a nineto-five job in a society that doesn't
yet understand or accept them. And especially, you
know, with with flashbacks or wherever somebody
is in their journey, it can be really difficult
to potentially face that whenever you're supposed
to be in a professional environment or, you know,
in these different environments that just they're
not so accepting of of somebody's pain and trauma.
And so it's always my hope that we can create and
pave ways for survivors to be able to whistleblow
and to share their story and to seek justice and
to put together campaigns and to have, you know,
we pay people for every other job. Like what
is more important than advocating for children,
for your children, for the children of the world,
for people in the cult to come out to educate the
world on the evils that exist and that we can help
change that and make the world a better place,
shine a light on all the darkness and eradicate
it. that we can all come together and support
something good and that not all hope is lost
and that we can educate survivors waking up
so they're not harming themselves, you know, and
teach them about programming like we need you on
the front lines, you know, and if people can have
five, 10, 15, 100, however many dollars, you know,
or just a social media page where they can share
your music and encourage people to go follow it,
you know, it it it really does so much to to help
this movement go forward. So you're not taken away
from your mission and so you can pursue it with
all your might knowing that you know you're not
going to be stopped by something like finances or
you know whatever it is a resource and so I really
encourage people to go support you know if you
don't have money support her music go hit follow
on Spotify you know become a subscriber on YouTube
those little things too can really help somebody
in their mission help them get visibility share it
on your social media page and if you feel called
to donate financially Um, I will have her GoFundMe
page 100% right in the show notes, no matter what
platform you're on. And even if you guys can't
donate, um it's also free to go share that on
your social media and you can help campaign for
her, you know, and and help her seek justice to
get her children, you know, and and maybe there's
some people in your social media feeds who have
some extra money and and who are really looking
for somewhere to put it, you know, we need to
put it in the in the pockets of survivors and
not into these corrupt people stealing money on
behalf of survivors. You know, we think we're
doing all this good and we're really not. So,
um, Kadia, thank you for sharing all of that.
I there's no problem at all and and and just
offering it as a way for people to help, you know,
and there's obviously lots of other ways that
people can support you, too. And I want everybody
to support you so you can continue this journey.
Thank you. I I appreciate that. And it's it's it's
true. We need to support one another because fear
of lack and fear of scarcity is what keeps a lot
of people quiet. and afraid to leave uh handle the
the cult, you know, or their handlers because they
strategically will set it up so that you actually
don't, you know, um yeah, you they're they have
a handle on all the finances, right? And so,
um it's tempting, right? Cuz all I had to, Emma,
all I had to do to get my kids and my life back
and access to my bank account was say, "Yep, I'm
mentally ill. These were delusions and these were
were false memories." That's all I had to say. And
there may be situations where where people are led
to act like David did when he was fleeing King
Saul as King Saul was trying to murder him. He
uh he pretended to um he pretended to act
in he pretended to go insane, you know,
or when Rahab lied to the spies in order to,
you know, in the book of Joshua in order to hide
uh and protect the mission of y, you know, Israel
at this time. So, so there there are times where
maybe Yahw will have us do these these types
of things. Um, so I don't want to encourage
people to just go out there and belligerently
belligerently start splashing around um the
truth of things that they remember or things that
they know without a wisdom. Um, but if we can,
you know, help, you know, collectively support
one another, whether it's me or another survivor,
that will help them to say, "No, no, yeah, I
may lose everything. I may lose my children.
Um, but if I stay quiet and if I don't leave the
cult, I can never get them out. We can't help
them. We cannot protect our children if we stay
in. And so ye so the best way that we can support
one another really truly is um I think like
however yah would lead if it's, you know, I've
been incredibly blessed. For example, I'll tell
you just an absolute miracle um that happened. I
mentioned I had had no clothes where I was where
I was dropped off. I was I didn't have a car,
not enough money um to buy the things I needed.
And so I prayed. I said I said, "Aba," I said,
"I would love for you to supernaturally provide
for me a wardrobe." Um I I said, "I just you know,
you know what I would like. You know what
would fit. You know what would feel good,
what would feel comfortable. You know what
you would find me beautiful and lovely in.
You know what would what I could wear that would
dignify me. And a lot of these these parts of me,
especially the littles in my personality system
that have been so severely defiled, I said, you
know, what would help dignify us and help us walk
a little taller, a little straighter, feel good,
um feel like a person again? um and what would
would testify and and witness um of your goodness
to others as a as a child of God. And so I prayed
this in the winter and uh this this past month I
have had the opportunity to stay with a with a
friend um just a really close beloved sister of
mine. Um and um unbeknownst to me in since I had
prayed that prayer um she had begun to shop for
me. Um and she put together an entire wardrobe of
beautiful natural fiber cotton and linen garments.
Um and she brought them and and and um um they
just they fit like a glove. And so there's just
like an example that might seem like in the
grand scheme of things, not a big deal. Um,
but just those small things can go a long way.
Even if you have like extra clothes or all you
can afford to do is shop at the secondhand store.
Um, you can pray and ask Aba what it is you could
do to bless that person and he will pick out a
need for them that is so specific. He will reveal
to you a prayer uh of their heart that nobody else
has heard that he will use you to answer. And so
I just wanted to give a little testimony of that.
That is so so amazing. And you know I I think it's
going to resonate with a lot of people who do
feel compelled. You know every a lot of people
want to help. A lot of people want to help. They
just don't because they don't know what to do.
They don't realize that help can be so simple.
It can be a prayer, you know, it can be going
to a secondhand store, you know, and hearing
that, I hope, is sort of directing people in
a way that can help them be creative with what
they can do, whether they have limited time,
limited finances. You know, we can all step up and
help. And we really have to get to a point where
we're leaving these old systems behind where it's
greed and ego and, you know, authority ruling and
sort of the slavery system that we're in where,
you know, we are the ones that are sort of at the
disposal of the people ruling over us. And we need
to look at all the people in our communities and
around us and and see how we can take care of each
other because they're not doing it for us, you
know, and and if anything, they're they're really
penalizing the the people who suffer the most. You
know, there shouldn't be a single person in this
world who's homeless or who doesn't have food,
you know, when you look at all the wealth and
all all the food that exists and water, you know,
it's an atrocity that that somebody anybody is
without a home or without a drink, you know, or
without healthcare. But unfortunately, that's the
world that we live in where, you know, basic needs
are some of the most expensive and uh hard to get
things sometimes when you're going through a hard
time like what you are where you have people
actively keeping you from being resourced and
financed and with the ability to get the help that
you need and the support that you need, you know,
and and the fact that you've had to navigate
all this yourself just blows my mind. Like I
can't as a grown adult. I can't even put myself in
your shoes of thinking about contending with with
the memory recollection with all the things in
internally that that you've had to go through and
and heal through and then on the external world
all the things that happened to you at the same
time, you know, and being completely abandoned
by really any anybody or anything that could be
of help for you, you know, and support. And so I
just I mean there's nobody more courageous or or
more strong or more willful or persistent or
brave than survivors, you know, and we have
so much to learn from that of how resilient we
all are and that we can all get through these
hard times no matter how much we want to give up,
you know. And one other thing I wanted to to talk
about regarding these topics, you had sent over
some photos and you had talked about, you know,
we we don't fight against flesh and blood, we
fight against powers and principalities, you know,
and I think some of the experiences that you have
sort of blend those two, you know, we can feel
physical symptoms from spiritual disease almost,
you know, which makes us believe that maybe our
bodies are are ill when in fact Sometimes these
spiritual attacks and the way that um our trauma
can manifest can be through our flesh and blood
and can make it seem physical when it's actually
an energy trying to seep through you know or a
spirit that is um you know inhabiting our bodies
or attacking us you know and so I wanted you to
share a little bit about that as well because I
think a lot of people suffer with that. I think
a lot of um people get misdiagnosed for symptoms
of trauma versus actually having a disease or a
condition that doctors are trained to diagnose
people with. Um and you actually have some photos
here, like I said, that we can share to help
educate people, you know, and especially survivors
who might be experiencing something similar to
sort of look at health and trauma a different
way of how it can manifest in our bodies.
Yeah. Yeah. Would you like to bring up some of
those photos and we can Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh so so an AB reaction um for those who don't
know is when your trauma when you're processing
trauma and memories come to the surface to be
released um the body will um sometimes not always
um manifest in a in a visual way the type of abuse
that was perpetrated from the memory. Most people
will experience this is in sensations or pains,
distress emotionally and physically tension in
their muscles. But there are a lot of cases
of AB reactions that and this is common where
people will even start you know bleeding from
a a specific orifice that was maybe raped or
mutilated or brutalized or a bruise will rise
to the surface. Um I have lots of examples of
these but a couple of them that I have shared um
with you here um this one is uh puncture wounds
from the uh admin from um from a few different
things. Uh one was an extraction of adrenochrome
um that happened to me in childhood uh up till
about the age of eight. You're not when I was
no longer a viable use for it. um as well as
injection uh sites for the administration of
anesthesia um drugs and there's a lot of poking
and proddding and needling with uh electric
currents that go through various parts of the skin
and if you're dealing with a particularly unhinged
um yeah I had very methodical programmer and I
also had one who was very unhinged who would like
willy-nilly um just poke right with these needles
um in order to just create uh shocks and distress
um for conditioning certain behavioral uh
responses that were desired for the program. Um,
and so these are a couple of examples of just some
of the holes that came to the surface of my skin
um, while I was um, receiving um, some counseling
and and ministry um, from somebody in my support
system um, and I would manifest the pain,
yell ouch, and then the uh, the sight of
the administration of the needle in the memory was
brought to the surface of my skin which was quite
astonishing for onlookers. It really is. And I
think it's really fascinating, too. You hear over
and over again how when somebody figures out what
the lingering pain manifesting in the body is,
if they can get the memory that it's from um
and understand what what is bringing that to the
surface, what actually happened like that could
look to somebody else like maybe an insect bite,
you know, or something they could label it as
where when you actually have the the tangible
memory of whatever it was that physically hurt
you, many times and maybe you can attest to this.
I've heard that these reactions go away. So these
things that manifest once you pour acknowledgement
into it and heal the memory and sit with it a
lot of times these lingering things that could
maybe be diagnosed as say a chronic rash or a
chronic disease or something that you have to
go on medication for forever, you know, they can
heal themselves through memory work. It's really
remarkable. In fact, I I I believe most diseases,
especially chronic inflammation or chronic
um illnesses, autoimmune disease,
chronic inflammation in the body,
a lot of those are manifestations of
trauma. Um and they need to come up and out
and I just I'll move on to the next one. Yeah,
that's just another example of the same thing.
That one's a little easier to see because uh some
of the needles were really big, like wide gauged,
very wide gauge needles uh that were used. Oh my
gosh. And it it really is like it's just it's it's
phenomenal to me that something like that can
pop up on your body out of the blue seemingly,
you know, even though we know why it does. But
it's like h it's just amazing how strong memory
is, you know, to really just like sit with
that for a minute and to think how powerful
our memories are that it can bring about something
physical on our skin like a wound, a needle wound,
a big needle wound because we're remembering
something that happened in our past that our
past can literally show up on our body in a
moment. I mean, it's just incredible how how
behind the times we are with with this and how
many people could benefit from knowing this,
you know, from whether it's a trauma, a traumatic
event or life like what you grew up in or,
you know, different types of trauma andor abuse or
medical trauma that people have gone through and
the different ways that that our medical system
is gaslighting and abusing people even unknowingly
that these doctors are just doing what they're
taught, you know, and it's just really wild.
So this is a really important you know kind
of slideshow that you've created for us.
Uh so this this example on the screen you see a
burn like a burn mark on my hand. So that is an
ab reaction from an electrode burn and the size
of the electrode as you can see covers most of
my hand. Uh because these electrode pads, this
was from a memory where electrode pads um I was
really little and so the electro pads were huge.
You know, my hand like I was toddler age so these
but these were like a big adult-siz electrodes
and so they use the hands and feet a lot and so
that's why the electrode burn covers so much of
the hand. Um, yeah, cuz I was just so young. And
so this this Yeah, there's another picture of it.
The next couple of pictures are are from this AB
reaction. Um, so one of the things that I've one
of the reasons we've been writing and producing
music in 444 hertz in the key of David using the
word of Yah, we're um releasing actually a song
tonight, a new song tonight. Uh, so we get we're
going to um most of the song drops that we are
having these days have been on YouTube because
we're uploading um our first album to Spotify
um probably in the next couple months and then
the second one um is is uh forthcoming. But as
we were listening to this music, this is an
example of how powerful this frequency is.
Um, I began to get flashbacks and memories in
the studio uh during the production process,
especially not just um the the singing process,
but the production process. And so I was in the
studio and suddenly this jolt of electric energy
rushes through my body and burns my skin. And I
it was so so sharp and shocking, no pun intended,
that I screamed, "Ow!" And then um uh I was asked
if I was okay and I said, "Yeah, the pain came
and left. It left as soon as it was gone, but it
came with the flashback of this memory of being uh
tortured with electroshock." And uh and I looked
down and uh right where these electrode pads had
burned the most in my memory as I was experiencing
this flashback, this rash erupted to the surface.
And then you'll see here the last p is the same uh
event, but it had kind of begun to scab over. Oh
my goodness. And how long, for example, this one,
I'm sure it's different for every reaction that
manifests physically like like these ones do that
we're showing. How long do these typically last
to where you're feeling the pain or you're feeling
what happened in your memory? It's completely
dependent based on the memory. I have had
memories that have come forth that have left me
in a crippling pain and an inability to function
and a lot of distress as it was coming up and
out um for for weeks. And then others is just a
moment. Um and it just it really kind of depends.
There's there's a lot more to um that I I still
need healing from that I can feel. um um needs to
come out, but that happens when we're ready for
it. Um otherwise, we have a psychotic break or you
know end up in in the psych ward or or with severe
amnesia in a similar way that I mentioned in the
last interview with that whole story. But yeah,
it's um it's quite fascinating and I know it
sounds like oh that's really nice. I I you know I
don't want people to be afraid to go listen to the
music there. I'm not saying you're going to start
to have flashbacks and experience horrific ab
reactions. Um, but this has just been the process
of of of what Yahw has been doing with me through
through his spirit is that when we are ready and
we are in the process and ready for memories to
return and needing amnesic barriers to come down
by his divine hand, he will do it for he will do
it at a pace that we're ready for it. And so the
music has been a really helpful uh has been really
helpful to me in this in this process because it
can be very tormenting. And as David soothed Saul
with his playing when he was being tormented by
evil spirits, um we do have access uh to that same
kind of power. You know, it's not a magic spell.
Um there are a lot of different frequencies,
but when we're walking in faith and obedience
and a covenant with the most high yah through
faith in Christ, um we can sing in the key of
David ourselves. We can produce and tune our
instruments to 444 hertz and we can start to
watch those amnesic barriers fall and that trauma
come to the surface so that we can work through
it and process through it with a with a you know
ideally the Holy Spirit he's our he's our good
counselor and you know his ministry is sufficient
but we often have people in supporting roles
um not everybody is able to do that and So
if that's not you, it's okay. His grace um
is sufficient. But if you Google for example um if
you Google put into a Google search uh um if you
put into a Google search uh battles music battles
and music in the Bible you will get a hundred
different Bible verses and examples of Satan's
army of darkness being utterly smited smold
utterly destroyed just through the instruments,
just through the worship, the tambourines or
the singing or the the music, the worship and the
praise of the people of Yah, the people of Israel.
In fact, you'll see examples where he actually
sends to the very front lines of the battle,
the scariest place to be, where you face the
most onslaught, the most resistance. He senses
musicians up front. That is the kind of power
that we have in him to not use um carnal weapons
but spiritual ones. And so this has been my story
with the music and why I'm so eager and passionate
to write and produce it and use his word. Um
and all of us here together, the three of us,
the three of us here together that are producing
it are experiencing a ton of healing. A ton of
veils are being ripped. Laura Sanger, who I'm
sure many of your listeners may or may not
have heard of, who wrote No Longer Enslaved, she
talks a lot about the power of frequency and and
of praise and and of worship um in Healing. And
unfortunately, a lot of Christian music out there
has been intentionally twisted by the deceiver
to be in the wrong frequency or to include um
a false or a twisted doctrine um to actually keep
veils in place. Many Christian songs are used in
programming and that was the case for me. And so
um that's just something to pray for discernment
about. and your music, like how she said, it's on
YouTube, it's on Spotify, so you guys can connect
with her. Um, and I encourage you guys, too. I
mean, especially if you're a survivor and you're
wanting to heal, music is something that that
helps calm you or that that you love. I think
on some level music is so incredibly healing for
all of us or at least we think it is, you know,
and it's really terrible how they have tampered
with the frequencies over time and how our music
is it might feel consciously like it feels good,
you know, but internally it's it's sort of going
into our body in a way that acts as a toxin and
we might not even know it. And so I love that
you're helping us detox with music that is in the
right key and is in the right note and frequency,
you know, because that is so healing. We hear
all the time about people buying these different
frequency machines just to keep in their home
to elevate the frequency of the of their home
and their environment right directly, you
know, around them and encompassing them.
And I think that it's it's just something really
important to think about that we don't, you know,
and we're s we're always surrounded by Wi-Fi and
these, you know, 5G and these frequencies that
want to harm us. So, one of the best ways to help
combat that is by, you know, doing the opposite,
putting on a frequency, having frequency around
you, listening to high frequency music that that
is detoxing the the harmful effects of all the
different negative frequencies that are around
us. And I really love that you, you know, I'm
really surprised that more people aren't doing
what you're doing, but I really think it it was
meant for you to do so you could bring that to
the forefront. I couldn't think of a better person
to help introduce this concept than you, you know?
But whenever you learn about this frequency and
you learn about how toxic so much of our music is,
it just makes you question like how how are
more people not defying that? Like everybody's
defying all these other aspects of society.
chemtrails and pesticides and GMOs, you know,
but when it comes to something that affects us on
a cellular level 24 hours a day like frequency,
you know, we're we're not fighting for that, you
know, as hard. And so, I love that you're coming
into that conversation with a solution, you
know, and one that that fights with love and
compassion and and, you know, sort of gets gets
us on the right track. It's really amazing. So,
I do encourage people to go follow your work, you
know, especially hearing what you went through and
seeing these photos, actual visuals of ways
that energies were negatively impacting you,
you know, and realizing the the strength that we
can fight that with with something like music.
Amen. Yes. It's been been huge. I was I was in
a state of absolute despair because this is such
an overwhelming process to go through healing
discovering that you have a dissociative disorder
or have multiple personalities and then you're
trying to escape the cult and then you're in a
safe place and they're still pursuing your life
and it it's just absolutely overwhelming to have
to navigate through. And so I was pleading with
with Yah um with my sister who produces writes
and produces the music with me what there's got to
be a key. There's got to be a key. You say in your
word, to you I give the secrets of the kingdom if
you're walking in righteousness and faith. And he
said immediately, he said, it's the key of David.
And uh so we just poured ourselves into the music
as a first priority. And it's just also just been
so much fun. I love that. And I think it's just so
creative that you thought outside of the box, even
right down to the words that you use, you know,
and using non-triggering words. Um, I think
that this will keep growing in our community,
especially Oops, I just skipped the wrong one.
Um, it'll keep growing in our community and
and become a need that people see more and more
that that can be healing for them. So, I'm really
proud of you and really excited to watch your
journey with this music unfold. And like I said,
I'll have all of that in the show notes for you
guys. And hopefully some of you feel validation
too seeing these different photos. And I'll have
you share about this one too, but I know a lot
of survivors go through these AB reactions and
and have a lot of different health issues that
can probably be very easy to be dismissed or
misdiagnosed. So, um I'm really happy that
we're able to see that your documentation of of
your own uh reactions so we can actually sort of,
you know, understand something that we're never
taught about trauma and how it can manifest.
Yeah, thank you. This is a video here um as you
can see of an AB reaction while uh processing and
remembering um electroshock therapy. This
is something that happens really commonly
um not just on the shoulder but on my legs and
any area of my body where any electrode was put
uh you'll see this type of manifestation. And so
this will happen often um during a flashback or
um after you know a deep session of of
ministering prayer. Oh my gosh. I have heard
of a lot of people who say that they get, you
know, what they think are like muscle spasms or
um twitches, you know, and um it's really helpful
to be able to potentially pair a memory with that
and and or to sort of think outside the box of
maybe it's not that you're low on electrolytes
or you need to eat something with potassium
in it. That this is your body remembering
something and trying to share it with you,
you know. And that's amazing that you were
able to capture that because I'm sure it can
be sort of hard in those moments too to kind
of grab a camera or something and record it
as it's happening if it's fleeting. Yeah.
So this is uh called palm planter pular psoriasis
and I developed this in 2018. Uh when I uh began
to defy my programming and the cult in my pursuit
of truth through the word of yah. Uh there's
all kinds of programming implemented to inflict
the body. Um it's done very physically but also
uh through um spirits that come in um and parts
that are activated that have the spiritual power
from these demons in order to inflict this kind
of horror. And so I developed this psoriasis
um on my hand, my arms, mostly my legs, and the
bottoms of my feet, which was the worst because
it really impaired my ability to walk when it
was really bad. Um and so that's what this is.
And then um I think hopefully it's the next
video you'll see a miracle of healing. Um and
of course I had to show off my garden. Um because
there's just hope. There's just so much hope in
the garden. A scripture starts and ends in the
garden. Um and you'll see there is no psoriasis
whatsoever. It completely heed healed up through
the laying on of hands when I was rescued to a
place of refuge. Um a after I escaped the cult and
I talk talked about that in the last interview.
uh my psoriasis disappeared. Um and so that was
just an absolute miracle um that was administered
through the body of of Christ through the laying
on of hands. And when your body is in a safe
place and it starts to decompress and trauma can
start to come out and come forth, sometimes you'll
go through what's known as a healing crisis and
things might kind of flare up and get worse before
they get better. It's it's like a detox, right?
And so, uh, that was a total miracle just to watch
that basically evaporate before our eyes, um, in
the weeks following that laying on of hands and
that prayer and that just oh, the the horror of
realizing everything that had gone on and that is
still going on, but yet the safety of knowing that
I'm in a place of refuge and that this now can be
a season of healing. Um and uh yeah, you know, the
seeing just seeing the garden the garden there,
you know, I think a lot of survivors and I
encourage this um have found a lot of therapy a
therapeutic benefits um in keeping and maintaining
a garden. And so I had the opportunity to start a
start a garden from from scratch from a patch of
dirt and just sew in hope as just a a prayer and a
prophecy of just the harvest that comes forth. um
when we are faithful and we walk in truth and and
when we do the right thing um the the labor of our
hands and the labor of our hearts will not return
void. It really will not. And so this is just an
encouragement um for anyone out there. Oh my gosh,
I love the garden and I love seeing your healed
skin, you know, and and the way that God worked
miracles on you and you and yourself or having
the courage to pursue healing, you know, and to
not just sort of slap on a diagnosis on yourself
and treat it with, you know, western medicine, but
actually do the inner work to identify what the
root cause of it was. Would you have any advice
for survivors who may be in different levels of
healing and memory recall but might be questioning
if something that they're experiencing healthwise
is a memory or if it's something that they
actually need to go get help for? Do you have any
tips on how they might be able to tap into that
and and see? You mentioned a safe environment. I
feel like that's a really good a good tip. Do you
have any other ways that could maybe be helpful?
Recognizing patterns of when symptoms are flaring
up and trying to pay attention and documenting
those can help. Um, for example, I noticed a
an alleviation of very specific symptoms when I
was not around certain people. And as I began to
go through uh as parts in my my system um which
I sometimes call a bus and sometimes call Ktown
that was affect affectionately named um um by
someone I love very dearly. Um um when when
members of Ktown began to come forward and and
make confessions, it it became evident that a
lot of these symptoms were attached to specific
being around specific abusers. And because those
amnesic barriers were high, I just thought I had
had a bunch of mysterious illnesses or whatever,
you know, Lyme disease, bartinella, mcass, uh
histamine. Um, histamine uh is a real big trend
right now. Histamine intoleranced or mass cell
activation syndrome. Histamine is actually used
and studied in programming and you can research
this very easily on the n you know NIH website.
um histamine and memory are very closely connected
and so it's been very widely studied um how uh
blocking uh and interfering with certain histamine
receptors actually um inhibits or increases memory
recall facial recognition um and different
things like that and so um I I don't want to
stand here and say everything um is is related
to programming and everything is related to to
trauma, but it is my belief that the majority
of illnesses and symptoms that are out there are
rooted spiritually are rooted in trauma. And so I
think that you can't go wrong in at least praying
about it and exploring that as a possibility. Um
and um and just through prayer. A lot of this for
me had to be had to I came into awareness just
from from the counsel um that comes from the one
who can see where I cannot where doctors cannot
you know he has you know yeah one of our songs
um that we posted um entitled the quickening um
goes you know is a petition and a prayer to the
seven spirits of God uh the seven spirits of
Yahw which are spirits, the spirit of counsel,
wisdom, understanding, uh, knowledge, might, his
spirit, and then also the fear of Yahw. And so,
we need really his counsel. And so, I would just
say just pray, go to him and ask. Repentance for
me has been a also a part of healing, harboring
unforgiveness. Um there's actually secular
studies done um a lot of secular studies done
that talk about how um unforgiveness increases
um your probability of getting cancer. Um and
that's because a lot of people have unforgiveness
also as a result of trauma. And so it's just kind
of a complicated web and we really we really need
the wisdom that comes from heaven in order to
be able to walk through it because it's really
overwhelming. I found navigating I have found
navigating illness really really overwhelming.
What do you eat? What do you not eat? How do you
heal? What is this attributed to? And so without
w without praying, I wouldn't know. And some
things are still a bit mysterious to me. And
so just learning to tr to seek understanding from
him but then also trust where I don't understand
yet. Um you know has been a process that I'm still
navigating. Um yeah so I don't know if that that's
too helpful but it's very helpful. And sort of
along those same lines, um the last question that
I have today that I wanted to ask just about this
particular topic of sort of the healing stuff,
um ab reactions are one way that our bodies can
sort of start harming itself in a way through
the energy and through the trauma. Um that's not
brought on by the actual survivor doing anything
to their body to to um you know actually putting
a needle in themselves or anything. This is sort
of a a really supernatural process that happens
through memory. But there's also the self harm
programming that can activate as somebody's
remembering. And a lot of survivors are like
you when they wake up where they don't know what
did. They've never heard of mind control. And so
they're trying to do the right thing by getting
help and disclosing. And programming is triggering
them to do the opposite. you know, instead of
healing, it's it's it's trying to get them to
harm themselves um in different ways. And I wanted
to see how you dealt with that when and if it
happened to you. And of course, any any guidance
you could give people listening who may or may not
be experiencing that. um you know, how to maybe
navigate that if somebody does remember or you
know, if somebody's in the process of remembering
and sort of how to uh how to navigate that.
Wow, that is that's a deep that's a really deep
one that and that was something that I really
struggled with um even recently um with the
urge to there because there are parts right
with with the urge to self harm and I would say
that underneath the surface of that is a deep
deep self-hatred and a deep deep self-loathing
and a perpetuation of the abuse abuse onto self
because there were parts that were that I that
were in in my system um are even are in my system
that are introjections of particular handlers or
particular programmers or abusers that are meant
to inflict harm as a punishment or a consequence
for violating the program or for for disob
um disob disobedience. And so what those
what what really needs to happen there is
for those parts to come out of hiding and into
the light of of of their worth and their value
um and to to basically receive just the ministry
of love. I believe the ministry of love and the
ministry of acceptance. Um, I'm not sure that
those behaviors can go away though until there
are parts that come forward to confess the
reasons why they hate themselves so much.
Maybe it's something that they have done in
the cult that they were forced to do. They
don't understand perhaps how they were programmed
because a lot of them um have been told that they
are bad or that they are evil and did not know
that they weren't doing things out of their own
free will but they were doing things as they
were programmed to do. Um and so I I I tend
to look at self harm almost always. Um I used to
think it was like a like de like a just demons.
Um, and um, and you know, it's it's not I
think it's more complicated. There's often
pain and trauma from other parts that have been
fragmented, whether through ritual abuse or not,
um, that are um, screaming out for help and
there's no other way for them to express the
pain. I have a silent scream that is very
closely connected to a self harm program.
And that silent scream is very common amongst
survivors who were not able to ask for help or
when they did they were punished for it. And so um
giving these parts any form of expression even if
you don't have someone who is trusted who these
parts can come forward and emote to or interact
with or receive ministry or prayer or just love
and affection from. Um, you can get a sketchbook,
you can pick up a notepad, you can begin to write,
and you can begin to just speak into yourself and
say, "Is there any part broken part of me that is
in pain that that would like to talk, would like
to talk about what happened, would like to show
me or just give me a word." And you can draw,
you can write poetry, and you can just try to
see what comes up and allow these parts to come
forward and to receive them in love and to receive
them in appreciation and to to start to understand
the things that are keeping them bound that
are keeping that part of our soul bound so that
they can receive freedom. Thank you so much for
that. That's to me has been weighing on my heart.
You see the desperation and the will of people
wanting to get free and then unfortunately in
our community, those same some of those same
people who make it past actually getting out,
which is such a huge step end up falling to the
pitfalls of self harm, you know, and and it's
just so incredibly sad. And I feel like if people
are just aware of this, we can help support our
friends and and family and people in our lives
that end up remembering um things that they
went through. And then also that survivors can or
people that think that they might be survivors can
be educated enough for when those times come if if
they think that they're a survivor or think that
they might have memory coming up, you know, that
they're also equipped with understanding what what
might happen, you know, the good, the bad, the
ugly, um, and sort of how to navigate that. So,
I really really appreciate your perspective
on that. And it's, you know, what a miracle
that you've been over, you've been able to
overcome that so many times in your own journey.
I'll I'll tell you a little story. I had a I thank
you. I I appreciate that. And and and I couldn't
do it alone. Um I I um have I I'll say have I'm
not integrated. Um, and so one of one of my parts,
um, so the selfharming part that I have dealt with
is is not really much of a cutter, but more of a
b like a would I would uh beat my head with my
fists to try to get uh, you know, something would
trigger it. Something would trigger this part that
would cause like head bashing. Um, and you know,
it's it can be a confusing experience, uh, trying
to figure out what triggers it. Um, you know,
a lot of I was in so much distress and torment I
couldn't make my brain turn off on this loop or
something happened um that created a sense of fear
or self-hatred, whatever it was. This is what this
part did. Um and I um had been praying and asking
for help regarding this um and um this this friend
of mine who um I've been living with um who by the
spirit brought the clothes that I had prayed for.
um this part came forward um in front of
her and this part had never done that before
um in front of anybody that was not a handler
or an abuser. And um it was interesting because
I'm internally talking to this part that now has
full almost full control of the body. I'm now cast
to the back me as Kadiah. And um this part um who
goes by the name of Zineia um I'm now speaking I'm
now at the back and she's in the driver's seat and
she's starting to you know hit her fists against
her head and I'm speaking into her system into
the system telling her that that the thing that
triggered it um was not a big deal and it was
a small thing I thought and I'm trying to tell
her to de to to deescalate that it's okay it's
not a big deal and the fact that this happened
in front of this friend who I had f you know grown
in to love and trust was it was a miracle and she
came over to me and she held my hands down and
restrained my fists from inflicting any further
self harm and she said the opposite of what I
was saying she said it That's a big deal and I
want to hear why. And this part was able to tell
her, okay, this is this is the reason why this
was a trigger. I had lost my phone. When we don't
have our phone, we are not safe. We cannot call
for help. We cannot uh we cannot this, we cannot
that. We have to have the phone nearby because if
a programmer or a master or a handler calls with
a code or instruction and we don't have our phone
with us, we get tormented, we get electrocuted,
we get strangled, uh we get our head shoved into
the toilet or we are punished or you know put into
solitary confinement. I didn't know this. I didn't
know this. I thought I just had these triggers
that were stupid and ridiculous and didn't make
any sense. Um, and so just through prayer um, and
the orchestration of the Holy Spirit, this friend
uh, that I was with, this event triggered it. She
came forward. She was actually able to speak with
this friend and receive healing and understand
that she's not where she was. She has been
rescued. She's safe now. Nobody has her phone. No
programs or handlers even have her phone number
anymore. She's not uh she's not she doesn't need
to be accessible to them and she doesn't need to
feel like she has to have her phone ready in a
state of emergency in case something happens all
the time. It's not a big deal anymore. Um but I
wasn't able to do that process with her. I was
handling it wrong. So, I was not counseling this
part very well. I was just kind of annoyed with
myself and that was just making it worse. That
was just making it worse and increasing the self
harm behavior, increasing the self-loathing
because I didn't have understanding. And so
there's just an example of a way that somebody you
know full of wisdom full of education about did
education about mind control programming education
about all of this can help to minister to these
parts and if anyone's looking for a secular
resource I highly recommend Allison Miller
um she has just such a great lay of the land uh
such a great workbook that you can work through um
on your own um even um called becoming yourself.
And I've just found it so incredibly helpful. Um
and those who have been learning to support me
have as well and she has a YouTube channel. Thank
you. We love resources on here. Obviously, of
course, our favorite resources come directly from
you guys on here um who are creating resources
for us. But it's really great to hear, you know,
what helps you in your journey and the other
people, whether it's somebody that you had person
in your life, like this woman that you're talking
that you talked about who helped you navigate that
self harm programming or people who have have
existed in in a book that you read, you know,
or an author or um whatever it is that that helped
you along your journey. It's really good to have
those available for survivors to sort of create
their own toolbox of of references that they can
go have. So, I appreciate you sharing that story.
You want to bring should we talk about some of the
locations since we have stories of that? Let's get
let's, you know, let's let's just do that. Let's
just get through the photo album and then anything
left over we could always meet a different time.
So, this is uh interesting. I wanted to mention
um if you might tell by the change in my voice,
this photo has brought out a a different part
in my system to explain. Um so this is the queen
um in Massie Tunnel and Massie Tunnel was one
of the centers where I was programmed. Uh it
is a center for the seed a seed of Satan
project pertaining to the beast system.
um and the conception of uh crisper technology
through various uh rituals. Um and so um one of
the things that takes place in this particular
area and British Columbia at large, hence its
name, British Columbia, we all know uh the the the
movie logo Colombia has the Luciferian, you know,
it's Lucifer um at the beginning of of those movie
movies Colombia Pictures. So, seed of Satan or
seed of Lucifer, there's a lot of reptilian hybrid
technology pertaining to frogs or dragons, royal
bloodline families, uh monsters, hybrids. These
are the things that you read about in scripture
um that happened in the days of Noah. And of
course, it says as it was in the days of Noah
in Matthew 24, so it will be in the last days.
And so Jude, the book of Jude goes through this
uh these types of um um projects, these types,
this type of um this these bloodline kingdoms,
these hybridizations, this lust for strange flesh.
And so ma the queen came uh to open Massie Tunnel.
Well, I'm sorry. The Queen of England's not coming
to open Massie Tunnel. Who cares about a tunnel
tunnel by the stinky Fraser River in in British
Columbia? So the the Massie tunnel is where there
was a lot of electroshock that I went through as
well as preparation and uh conception as a remote
womb um for uh Nephilim uh Raphaim and uh various
um horrific and monstrous gestations, many of
which Yah has mercifully protected me from having
to remember fully in order to receive healing.
Um uh you know you might have heard Nathan I think
you you know you have had Nathan Reynolds on um he
talks about his his family's bloodline pertaining
to the dragon and so this is a location where
those similar types of things happen. Yeah. Wow.
and and so the Massie Tunnel um and not far from
the Massie Tunnel is a paper mill where some of my
programming also took place. And so you see people
walking through it. Where um where exactly is it?
Is there anything you can mention that it's around
to give people reference if they were going
to go look it up or aren't familiar with it?
So it's along the Fraser River in British
Columbia which is not far from the American border
um in Delta and so uh Delta was also part of
my programming uh assassin programming um so
I have been through beta programming and Delta
programming um as well as pro uh programming for
um well I guess the related to the
delta programming was was for espionage
for the military, doing special reconnaissance,
um you know, doing certain missions. So,
Delta though is a huge the city of Delta, there's
North Delta and South Delta, they're both used for
um the the creation of Delta assassins. And so
these parts were you were created in this tunnel.
There are corridors. There are many doors in this
tunnel. you can see if you drive through it, but
you can take a corridor and it will, you know, you
know, they know, you know, there's there's there's
corridors inside corridors and rooms within rooms
within rooms in this place. And so that's where
this technology was. Um where I went through some
some rituals, some uh some pregnancies um and some
you know they don't bring these things often out
into full gestation because they really just need
to conceive life. Life life seems like a the wrong
term. conceive death in your womb in order to be
able to feed these things to the dragon that
we read about in the book of Revelation that is
making war against the seed of of man, the seed
of or the seed of Yahw. And you know, it's just
so ironic how something so sinister that is used
for something so sinister, how they invert it to
the public and make it seem like this celebratory
moment that is worthy of paparazzi and the queen
coming out dressed up, you know, fully garbed
up with her makeup and her outfit and high heels
and a purse and, you know, it's just so backwards
whenever you whenever you think about it. Anytime
that I see like events like this with different
monuments, now my my brain is always like, what
is happening there? If they're celebrating it like
this, this has to be something that's not worth
celebrating. If that's what they're doing, you
know? So, it's really it's pretty neat that you
were able to get validation through this through
finding this documentation and these photographs
that can prove this this location and that show
it being publicly, you know, fanaticized over and,
you know, paparazzi worthy, you know, but also
hearing from your side of the story what what
these tunnels were actually used for. How many
children do you remember being down there with
you at any given time? I don't remember anyone
except for myself, my programmer, and another
man. Oh my gosh. And um I was taken actually to
meet the queen um at her uh during her golden
jubilee tour in 2002 October in Victoria um at the
Parliament building by the Empress uh hotel which
is owned by a family who owns something called
Monarch Schools. um they're also in San Diego and
of course most I think of your viewers know what
monarch programming is and so I was a you know a
monarch slave. So I was taken to meet the queen
at this um at this this you know jubilee event
in Victoria um by the Empress Hotel um with this
friend of mine by my programmer. Um I I I don't
have a full recollection of the day. Um I remember
being exorbitantly thirsty while I was waiting to
meet her. I had been um prepped on how to properly
greet her. Um, and I was and so I had, you know,
when I h when I have these memories of excessive
thirsts, I know that usually scapolopene or some
kind of other drug that creates both compliance
submission and then also amnesia was used. Um, and
so the monarch programming, the queen, um, uh, the
serpent seed, and this is all biblical, um, this
was all a part of my programming. Victoria, BC
was huge. This area was huge. Lower mainland. Um,
Crown Packaging in Richmond, BC was one location
where I was programmed at night. This came forth
through a personality uh who uh oh speaks German.
I didn't know I spoke German. Um until this part
came forward to talk about the paper mill to talk
about uh what happened there to her at night. Um
and crowned crown of course crown packaging again
it's related. All of their codes are really quite
out in the open. But the Golmet family, who's a
family of German Jewish descent from Frankfurt,
um is known for their success in banking and
finance. Um and so they have a code of arms of
barren with with a with it's um there's they're
closely related to the Roth Rothschild. Um so you
can if you're interested, you can look up James
Goldmid and his relationship with the Rothschild.
And so they're like a royal bloodline family going
back to, you know, German royalty um and um some
of the richest families of of Monaco. And um so
they they use a lot of these mills um and they're
ideal, right? Because it's really easy with
access to chemicals to dispose of bodies. It runs
through the night. It's usually an industrial
area with not a lot of people around. It's
noisy and so I went through a lot of torture and
behavioral conditioning at that location as well.
Absolutely horrifying. I'm so sorry and I'm really
grateful that you're shining a light on this so we
can look at these photos and this location in a
different light, you know, and and realize that
if it happened to you when it did that there's
still likely this type of abuse happening under
there to children, you know, and if people are
around that area, please pray over it. You know,
help share about it. Um share these photos and
Kadia's story. Um, it's just really, it's sad how
many different locations, especially underground,
are used for these types of abuses. Um, so I'll
scroll to the next photo. That's just one of many
examples of some of the children's books that are
written by Freemasons, uh, who are a part of this
agenda to usher in the antichrist, to further the
seed of Satan and their agenda. Robert Munch was
used, Dr. Seuss was used, Harg Graves was used,
but I just wanted to show this one um because this
paper bag princess, you know, we have the dragon,
we have um princess programming um that is done
in the monarch program, you know, because those
there are a lot of often um that's that's the
whole purpose of Disney, right? the whole Disney
princess is to to come under to come under the
monarch parts that come under the jurisdiction of
the monarch and even or the monarchy and even you
know um Disney Disneyland or is it Disney World?
Uh it's pro it may be both like but it might be
one or the other is is own is actually under the
jurisdiction of the crown. So they have their
own sort of legal system and it's not actually
uh Dominion of the United States. So So these
books are used in programming to create parts.
There's a character in here that goes by the name
Prince. like I have I have parts in my my bus
um in K Town that go by these characters names
uh because this was such a huge part of my head
programmer's um formula in fracturing me through
these processes of torture creating both of both
these princess parts from books like this or
stories uh Disney that do not have uh that have
a very narrow uh scope of reality. um that so many
of us healing from systematized abuse through mind
control programming um are needing to bring
into the surface and into the present to know
that we're not under we're not under order anymore
and we don't have to activate these programs that
are causing illness or distress in the body or
blocking memories and things. The last episode
when you brought up Dr. Seuss that made like a
huge splash with people and people are like no not
Dr. I love them as you know, but a lot of these
these things that they popular popularize for
children, Disney, you know, hard greaves, like
you said, um books by Robert Munch, all these
different um sort of things that they give our
kids to to cling on to. It's just disgusting, you
know, the meaning, the actual meanings behind it
when you actually like really look at what is what
the message is of of these different stories that
they tell and then realizing the nefarious ways
that they're used on children behind the scenes
who go through these mind control programs. So,
I I do appreciate you sharing that cuz there's a
lot of parents that listen to these um channels
and and interviews and want to be safer for
their kids. And this is one way that they sort of
sneak sneak programming and messages that can be
actually really damaging to children into parents'
hands because they get popularized as being really
good and wholesome, you know. And so it's it's
just good to know kind of the truth about some
of these things and it's like who would ever who
would ever guess so many of us grew up on all of
these different stories and books and authors and
you know thinking about them being Freemasons puts
it in a different light and then also realizing
that we shouldn't be supporting this because
these are these are still likely being used today
on children you know as programming scripts.
Yeah. Yeah. And these parts often, you know,
they stay children, right, until they come to that
place of healing and we can we can work with them,
counsel them, minister them, get that trauma
healing so then they can grow up and be the age of
the body and then if it's ideal integrate. So they
stay children and so they they have a lot they've
believed lies, right? All of the programming is
done. It's undone under torture, but there's a
lot of deception and a lot of theatrics that are
done. There's a lot of staging and there's a lot
of theater um which I know most of us are aware
of um excuse me I had I have a part um who was uh
programmed um on the island of St. Thomas or the
island of St. Thomas in the in the Virgin Islands,
there was this big ship. There was an island. It's
this like it's this whole staged shipwrecked thing
and these Freemasons come and they they basically
they strand you. They stay they they strand you.
They they starve you and then they send this like
theater on a pirate ship over full of all of these
Freemasons acting like it's, you know, the Lord of
the Flies. And they come and they will I will you
know abuse the the damsel in distress or the child
or the young woman who is being programmed who has
been left on the island as a part of fulfilling
their sick their sick fantasies but to also create
um to also create further trauma uh for for parts
like it's like Hollywood all of these stories you
know Pirates of the Caribbean in it's all for
these kinds of these kinds of programmings. My
my part that had a severe eating disorder um and
parts with eating disorders and then parts that
would overeat. I it was a mystery for the longest
time until these parts began to come forward and
explain what had happened to them. These dynamics
were created through um starvation um on in these
shipwreck programs. Oh my goodness, that's
horrifying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a big
key in that really broke something off me though.
um when those memories came back, it explained so
much and I you know and I've been able to verify
and validate everything through research um dates,
times, locations, getting that validation. I've
heard that from so many different people who have
come on the show and testified that they didn't
most of their memories they had never heard of
these locations or they had no memory of like
reading these specific books or you know seeing
these films or whatever it was and then they
go look it up online and see that it's actually
real like how you did you know looking up these
locations that you remember this underground place
these books these authors um and then being able
to match them with with parts inside you you know,
in different systems that that are are within
you to be able to identify, oh, that's where
this came from and that's what that name is from
or that's where this this part is from and why it
thinks the way that it does, you know. So, it
is so validating and hopefully can help people
on the other side of the screen too. Yeah, this
is yeah, that's just a picture of the Empress uh
the Empress Hotel um that I had mentioned um where
I had stayed where some of the programming takes
place for Monarch programming and it's owned
by um that couple uh who owns Monarch schools.
Oh my gosh, it's actually really and it's known
as being one of It's stunningly gorgeous. It's a
famous hotel. It's known for being super haunted.
Uh I was taken there. Uh I was taken there and uh
yeah it was bad. A lot of there was a lot of like
um there's a lot of uh electroshock torture that
happened um in the like under the harbor under the
Victoria Harbor where this hotel is. There are a
lot of military submarines that are under there.
Um they're easy to research. That's an example of
one of the things I was able to verify like down
to the model of the submarine that I remember
um which was actually just retired recently. The
actual model of submarine has now been retired for
a new and updated version. But there's a lot
of programming, a lot of ritual abuse, a lot
of torture that happened um in the Victoria Harbor
underwater. How horrifying. again like places that
people I'm sure this hotel is like for example is
somewhere that's like on people's destination list
that they are just like so excited to go stay at
or go tour just drive by you know and again it's
just horrible how they invert you know some of the
most beautiful things on the planet whether it's
uh an actual location in nature or an something
built some type of architecture um and how how
much they do damage to it, you know, or
the Vatican like what you've talked about,
you know, it really it kind of like you can
look at it initially without knowing and and
be wowed and awed by it, but then like this dark
cloud comes over it that you can't really unsee,
which I sort of experienced just looking at this
initially whenever I looked at this hotel. I was
like, "Wow, it's beautiful." But it's like you
see the dark cloud within it as well. And it's
sort of you almost see um you almost can like see
and feel the evil that is within, you know. So,
it's really sad that they do that. It's the other
There's a hotel across the harbor to the U Ocean
Point Resort. It's a Sherin uh Sherin's uh the
Sherin hotel chain uh is also used uh as well.
It's also part of the beast system seed of Satan
project where people will come um it's the to
that that the whole infrastructure is completely
set up for programming for triggers. People are
hired that are programmed very specifically. Um
it's it's quite a seamless it's quite a seamless
thing. But yeah, Sherin Hotels, including that
one, that was part of my my experience. Wow.
One of the things that they did was they uh um in
the electroshock torture in this specific location
um that is the worst ab reaction that I experience
is in my teeth. It's like it's wor it's a it's
it's a pain worse than pain. It's like to have
your teeth be electrocuted. But a a metal ball,
electrode ball was placed in my mouth as I
was being brutalized and tortured so that
if I screamed or made any noise, that ball would
activate and it would worsen the pain and it would
actually because just there's something about the
teeth. It's just oh my gosh, a demented hell of a
pain beyond hell. Um and so sometimes I still
experience that. um sensation and it's I just
I don't even have words. Um but that's part of
the silencing program where they teach you to
endure symptoms, to endure pain, to endure torture
because when you scream or make a noise, that ball
in your mouth will activate and shock your teeth.
So it's worse if you scream or cry. So you have
to endure, you learn to endure it silently. And
so that is one of the ways that a silent scream
um might be created. And that silent scream, you
know, it it needs to come out in order for that to
heal. And it's really hard because the brain will
rewire its neural circuitry, its neurons together
to actually create to actually make it impossible
to scream or to make noise because you're when
you're in that situation, those neurons wire
together. So pain equals silence, torture equals
silence. And it becomes biologically hardwired. So
there are so many people, Emma, that are walking
around in this kind of excruciating torment
and distress and and don't know why and don't
know don't have words. They're not able to tell
anyone. They're not able to express it. They may
just have on a smiley face mask but are screaming
underneath the surface. Um because of this kind
of programming, it's incredibly diabolical but
incredibly effective. Oh my gosh, thank you for
sharing that. That's another maybe key for people
if they've experienced that. I'm sure tooth pain
is just in general, it's some of the worst pain
that that you could ever go through. I can't even
imagine the level of taking it to electroshock.
I don't even I just can't. And it's just horrible
that they're doing this to children, you know. But
hopefully that's a it might be a puzzle piece for
somebody who's experiencing that and maybe going
to the dentist and being treated for something
that you know is is a symptom of trauma instead
of you know a symptom of of maybe just a general
tooth ache or something like that you know. So,
I I pray that that this can maybe be helpful for
people on the other side of the screen, too,
cuz I'm sure that if it's I'm sure that that
those methods are used on a lot of children, you
know, and it might not be something that somebody
remembers right away. So, I really appreciate
you sharing that. Yeah, of course. I hate that
anyone else has had to go through it and and I
know because of how how well this infrastructure
is set up. They're just cycling kids through that
like Monarch schools the whole you know it's it's
for you know they they set up Monarch Schools as a
sort of a charitable reach outreach for lowincome
uh more vulnerable children in our societies.
I mean, because they're already fractured
and programmed and and easy to continue on that
easier to work with to continue on a mind control
process. You want a mind control slave. Um, you
know, if you have an already fractured child,
um, that's, you know, that's that's where they go
and they look for them is for children below the
poverty line. And so, it's really disgusting. Um,
and then the the picture you have up the BC flag.
So I call British Columbia Atlantis. Um, it's this
it's the seed of Satan project. And you can see,
you know, that it's boasting its reigning crown
system, the elusarian Illuminati sun worship. Um,
the surface of the earth now is 71% water. Um,
and I I personally believe that is because of the
increasing lawlessness that the Bible prophesies
leading up to the return of Christ. And you know,
some people refer to it as the Marine Kingdom
Network um because Yeshua cast demons named
Legion back to the sea in Mark 5. And we know a
lot of free Masonic halls and clubs are called
Legion Legions. And so that that submarine system
there underwater is utilized by the military,
the government uh and business executives for you
know newer more sophisticated programs of of mind
control. And so um you know I think that um yeah
I think you know I have a personal theory. I think
that the new world over here, you know, that
a lot of programming took place on immigration
ships when people came over here um into North
America to establish the new world. Um it's it's
my personal belief that um the new world order and
the merchants um that are discussed in the book of
Revelation that are judged for their exports is um
North America. I I I think that a lot of people,
you know, it could be the Vatican, it could be
this, it could be that, it could be, you know,
a lot of different theories about what that is.
Um, but I think that a lot of a lot of programming
took place on immigration ships over here to
establish what they call the new world in order
to carry the new world order through its exports
through Hollywood, through the media, through,
you know, American television and basically
disseminate um its lies and its propaganda and
its deception, you know, to the rest of the world.
And so, so the new world order as something that's
coming, I think is a part of the strong delusion
in 2 Thessalonians 2. I think we were born into
um the new world order and that was it was
actually you know established by you know
you know I'm you know I'm in in my late 30s um so
it was you know often you know so for me it would
have been established around you know grandparents
greatgrandparents that immigrated over here for me
from Ireland um and so I think that these beast
programs of mind control were established to
make shells out of unaware people and that the
veneer and this veneer of the society that most
are conscious of the this so-called American dream
and these upgrades and advancements um in you know
submarine technology under the water here as is
as you can see on the BC flag um you know these
upgrades permitted the controlled opposition
of um outdated MKLA program exposure and some
payouts like the Canadian government there. There
was exposure. There were payouts for mind control
victims, but I think it was kind of like a
controlled opposition thing. So, I'm here for
the voices of those who are still trapped beneath
these waters, these deep waters of judgment that
um are coming like a flood from a throne of a
loving God whose eye nothing escapes. And so,
I think the thing everyone's waiting for, I think
we're in it. I think that's the deception. We're
all waiting for something we were born into. Um,
and so, um, I'm grateful that there's there's an
army of of righteousness that's rising and in an
exodus towards hope, healing, and and redemption.
Um, because time is very short. And scripture
says the dragon uh the dragon is is seeking
um whom he may devour because Satan knows his
time on this earth is short. And so this dragon
programming through monarch through places like
the Massie tunnel um is um is only growing as time
goes on. And and thankfully, you know, we have all
of these things have been prophesied and foretold
of in scripture in and it's very clear. Um and
so we we know that that there's an antidote.
Thank you for sharing that. That's fascinating and
horrifying all at once, but it actually makes a
lot of sense. And the iconography here is also
interesting. I never really put it together in
my head that like crowns also resemble the sun,
which is kind of it's like neat to recognize that,
but it also is, you know, it it's very occultic,
you know, and again, something that's like
celebrated and heralded. It's like, why even have
a crown? But it's like, well, it makes it makes
some sense if you think about it from occultic
symbology, too. But that's really good insight for
people to know and to sort of ponder. Oh, I just
switched the screen. Indian residential school
survivor on the Queen's alleged connection to
missing children. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever
you know the queen is, I wouldn't say it's a she,
right? Um an it, more of an it. Um yeah, there is
so much. Oh, there's there is so much um so there
is just so much because these children are being
gathered and collected and kidnapped to sacrifice
to the dragon to empower the spirit of lawlessness
and the spirit of the antichrist. And so there,
you know, there's it's not hard to you don't have
to do a lot of red stringing. It's hard hardly
a conspiracy anymore, right? I have a guest that
is reoccurring on my show from Canada named Kevin
Annet who has been exposing Canadian residential
and indigenous schools, the genocide that occurs
in it. And he's he hasn't gone in depth about it,
but he's mentioned, you know, that there's been
allegations against the queen with that. So,
you're helping to sort of connect some other dots
from other people, too, and validate that. Um, and
that's interesting that you found this headline
for it. Yeah. Oh, that's just this picture here
on the screen is is a is a picture of uh of a one
one of many um men uh who were involved in um the
I'm trying to think of a polite way to say this.
There really isn't. And and quite frankly, I'm
done being polite, but the but very demented and
defiling pornography, including snuff films. And
so, um, I was both in the films as a participant
as well as, um, trained as a videographer, um,
on professional film cameras to have to film these
things. And, uh, this is a this is a photo of of
the the man and he's doing, as you can see, if
you look up uh, Freemason or Masonic hand signals,
um, this is what they do. So, this was the photo
that was put um in the newspaper or in the 70s
when he first established what is a guitar factory
in Vancouver. And I was trafficked to this guitar
factory, taken to meet this uh person at uh at
night um by a photographer that my school sent me
with on a work practicum because I was an aspiring
photographer. So I was 15 years old. I was doing a
work placement with this photographer already.
Huge red flag. teenage girl alone in the car
with a man. Um, so he took me to this man. Um, and
this guitar factory ended up being a location for
um a very lucrative uh industry of of pornography
in some of the most uh perverse and um yeah,
it was it was hard. It was I don't even have
words. Um yeah. So that's but that's an example
that I mean this photo is a photo of him taken
in the 70s when he established um these guitars.
And so that was a huge center for both trafficking
and and pornographic uh films. Oh my gosh, that's
horrific. Including including SNAF. So yeah. Yeah.
so terrible that people don't understand that
these things exist, you know, and like I mean you
look at you look at him, we can't see his face,
but he just looks like a normal person like just
wearing a t-shirt and like he doesn't fit like
what we'd think oh predator predator, you know,
like it just looks like a normal dude that just
like, you know, hangs out at dive bars and like
plays in a band. Like that's what it looks like,
you know? It's crazy that these people just
walk among us and we have no idea. And they
do and they did a lot of like side projects too
in the programming as well. It wasn't just for
u like pornography. And you can see that signal
through you could you could see that signaled
through the hand. You can come here. This is
where you can come. You can you know bring this
this person. You have a mind control slave. You
can bring them here for this programming. A lot
of us were taught uh musical skills, uh different
things, um in order to be able to do and perform
certain fetishes or acts for certain members of
the the the brotherhood. Um and so music it music
and in programming is is a really big part of
it as well as developing particular skills and
talents. And so it wasn't totally random that
it was a guitar factory. So this is a picture
that you just put on. This green hallway um is
in the uh Halley Research Center of Antarctica.
Um which is one of the laboratories for crisper
technology that I was flown to. Um a part of me,
I mean it was me. I have a part named January who
is my Antarctica part. And so uh so she was taken
there both as a subject for crisper technology
and hybrid experiences as a remote womb and
gestation for the seed of the beast. Um but I also
worked uh as a laboratory assistant. uh January
um was being trained in molecular uh biology um in
Antarctica and it was at both this Holly research
center and the Roth era research center as well.
Um, and that information came forth because I kept
having flashbacks of being in Antarctica with a
particular program programmer having landed on a
helicopter at the top of the hill looking down at
what I was able to identify eventually on research
as the Ruther Research Center. And I was wearing
uh this orange these orange suits. I kept having
these memories of these orange suits. And so I
I started to do research and and um established
Okay. So, I was wearing a cold water immersion
suit. I immersion suit um in these memories and
um so then I began to look at okay, why was
I wearing a cold water immersion suit? What
is this for? Um and I didn't get very far um until
uh this part was ready to come forward and divulge
um some things that I will be releasing um in
in my book. Um I have to wait for the fullness
of the testimony and some other things to be esta
established to um to share further details of what
happened. Um there's also the Spalbard seed vault
that's in Antarctica as well where there's a lot
of like experiments in um like biod like just a
lot of you know they say it's just for the protect
they're studying they're studying the earth they
say they're just studying biodiversity they're
you know they're studying the ozone lay the ozone
layer they're studying the environment up there
it's not it's just a highly classified projects
and they have very specific tours to protect tend
to give the public a sense of openness about
what's really happening at these centers. But
they're actually uh creating monsters in these
laboratories both in and outside of the wombs of
uh young girls um and monarch slaves. And um
that's what I'm going to one of the things I'm
going to be writing about. And here's an example
of uh another hallway. So the last hallway you saw
was create was um painted in a very specific shade
of green um that's used in the color programming
in order to activate a certain part. So, this
is a public restroom um that I just discovered
on happen stance that is a uh a place to um bring
children um who are programmed to sexually abuse
them in these spaces. Because if you have a a if
if somebody's in the cult and they have a child
who has been in this color programming, then
this color programming is is activating this
part to come forward and to receive the sexual
trauma or to perform the sexual trauma and
uh not remember it because it's a a part a
dissociative part. And so I saw this bathroom
and I just I walked into one of the stalls and I
sat down and I began to weep and I just began to
pray and just pray and just weep and pray and um
and so this is just a really common thing. Um I
don't know how many bathrooms there are that are
painted in this specific color. Um, but one of the
uh people who programmed me uh chose this paint
color for another member of my family's kitchen
to in order to keep that programming software
reactivated um in this other member of the cult.
Oh my gosh, these it's just so funky. Like
it's hard. It almost look just looks like
a center for children or some type of like,
you know, fun house for kids. Like this is
weird to think that adults would paint it this
color for something professional. You know,
it definitely has that vibe of mind control. And
especially the specific colors that they chose,
like you said, were no accident. It was for an
intended purpose. It was. and and and just you
know just just to be you know I have to say as
as like it took my breath away when I saw this
hallway of bathrooms. I was just at the beach. I
walk in and I just like I could hardly breathe. I
was just it took my breath away um cuz that was
very triggering for me. But because it did not
co it did not cause me to switch. So I was able
to have that moment of healing in that bathroom
stall. I didn't switch into my color programmed
part because the word of Yahw and his grace and
love has broken that down with his truth and
he's renewing my mind and he's not giving me a
spirit of fear. He's given me a sound mind. And
so now, you know, I could walk into a situation
like that and I I'm supposed to be programmed with
that color. like in Antarctica, I walk down that
hallway to go to do my task and I'm supposed to
switch into January. But instead, I was able to
be co-conscious of January and grieve with her
and and um and and just pray in that space and
and not be triggered into a dissociative state,
but actually minister to this part of my soul.
It's really amazing, too, that you
were able to get actual photos. I'm
sure that there's not a lot of um things
online where they're showcasing this. No,
but if you see a color, if you see like a color
that color in a dentist in in a dental office
or a or a um any kind of institution run because
that is there for uh that is there to make sure
that their employees programmed parts come out
to perform their tasks without them knowing it.
um or even the patrons of such a such a a business
or an institute. Um so that gate that so I just
was showing some examples in these pictures here
that you see of just an unnecessary amount of
security around this bathroom. There's like bars,
extra doors, extra dead bolts, and extra locks,
which would lead me to believe that this bathroom
isn't just um some cult member. Um and this would
signal this is a very high cult community that
this bathroom is here just as coming in with a ch
with a child to abuse them. But the but this would
facility would actually be used and locked up and
um things programming would happen within within
this bathroom. Everything is painted green too.
The countertops things that I I didn't even
picture there. Um I didn't take pictures I
didn't give pictures of all of it but it's all
painted in that color. And you'll see they've lo
they they keep it like a prison. Oh my gosh.
Yeah. That is so bizarre. That is so weird.
It looks like it should be some like piece
of art or something. Just looks so out of
place. Yeah. Public bathroom. Dead bolts. Yeah.
Yeah. Like why is that why is that necessary?
Yeah. That's okay. So in this picture you see
so that is a lo the logo on the coat of an oral
surgeon in the monarch program in his office.
He has a big painting of Felix the cat that's
all pixelated just like this logo you see on
his shirt of a pixelated face. This represents
fracturing the one's identity, right? Your face,
your identity. And the pixelation represents the
fracturing, the programming and these, I call it
software that is installed through ritual torture.
And so this oral surgeon when I went in at 19
to have my wisdom teeth taken out um gave me a
tetrototoxin. Um and uh this is what I believe it
was because the anesthetic put me into a state of
paralysis but full awareness. So I could not move,
speak, but I could feel all of the pain of all of
the things that he was doing to me. And he was
very very very sadist sadistic and would um and
he had uh electrodes hooked up from my brain to a
monitor so he could see because I couldn't scream
or move. He could see the level of pain that I
was going through as he was administering certain
types of torture including rape. He he got off on
the pain the more pain I was in. And he would ask
me I could hear him asking right and I can't move.
I could hear him asking me how does this feel? How
does this feel? Like it was so sick and so uh
demented that I actually wrote a letter to him
recently um anonymously to tell him I know what
he does. I know what he is about. I remember and
uh that he better repent because he is he is
under the wrath of Yah. And um you know it was
really therapeutic to write it. uh so therapeutic
to write it that I didn't mail it but I might. Um
and this part this is the personality that that
took this traumas her name is Molina and so
um uh it's still traumatic just for me even to
go to the dentist. um this part makes it really
hard to make it to the appointment and I never
understood why for the longest time. Um you know
until until I did. And was this the is this
the the same dentist who would have you were
talking about your teeth earlier and the ball that
would go in your mouth. Was that was that any of
that happened at the office or was that separate?
Completely separate. This was a one-time occasion,
but it was especially horrific what he did. Um,
the electricity that he did, it was a lot of
like electrocuting like probes of electrocuting
rape in every orifice. Um, and then sealed off,
uh, you know, with his own, you know, getting off
on it all. Yeah. Yeah. So, it wasn't scary enough.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. When I looked him up, when the
memories came back in, um I I when I looked him up
and I saw his website and I saw this logo logo,
I mean, he's very, you know, does very well. Um
when I saw this picture of him with that logo,
again, this is the type of confirmation that I'm
talking about when I have memories and and I want
to validate them. You just do a little research.
Okay, here's the guy I remember. Okay. Yep. Here's
his website. Oh, Monarch program. Look, look at
he's got butterflies all over his waiting room.
You know, look at this. Look at that. You know,
it's just all of these validating things. Not that
that's necessary in order to for your memories to
be valid, but it does, you know, it does help
and it it's pretty interesting. the I was also
uh I was also um the dental and the orthodont
the orthodontist or oral surgeon industry is
really just um I mean I think that there's a
reason the high sui one of the highest suicide
rates as far as careers are concerned as a dentist
because there's the omega programming which is the
suicide programming um that is is created in the
event that something goes wrong or somebody's is
disobedient or wants to get out. Um because these
dentists have access to anesthetic and I worked
for an orthodontist. I nannied for his family. I
I looked after his daughter for 10 years. Um and
this was a a job that was set up by my handler. Um
and so he was a big part of of of my programming.
Um, and he um um, as it turned out, hired me
to actually I thought I was just nannying um,
for the family, but uh, because I was a slave
of this cult um, he had actually hired me to
participate in programming his young daughter.
Um, which is really which is really hard um,
to um, reconcile. Um, yeah. Oh my gosh, this is
all just so eye opening what you're sharing. And
this was this dentist is separate from the other
photos that we were showing of the green facility.
Was there anything else from Antarctica that you
wanted to share? Not yet. Yeah, I think that's
good for now. Um, well, I will share. Okay, so I
will share. There is a huge huge huge huge huge
huge seed vault of genetic seed uh bloodline
seed um pertaining to the Trump family. Um,
and so a lot of my um, involvement there, um, was
overseeing and monitoring and creating petri dish
embryos, um, for the lucky chosen of the
cult who would receive um, would receive
an implantation that they would believe was a
natural pregnancy between them and their spouse,
but grafted in to the the genes uh between the the
the um the helix uh the helix on the mom's side,
the helix on the dad's side, and then you have
the helix from like a hybrid or a bloodline
family like Trump would be grafted in just like
Hit, you know, the Nazis have been doing this
forever. This is a big thing that Hitler was all
about. He wanted to create all kinds of little
Hitlers. And so he so the Nazis were really big on
experimenting on how to impregnate as many women
as possible with the seed of Hitler. And so that's
a big part of this this spirit of the Antichrist.
And so there are a ton of people walking around
uh who have um Trump genetics that have no idea.
It doesn't mean they're not biologically their
their parents that they know. Um, but they would
graft they would graft in an extra helix um in
these laboratories in order to spread the seed
of Satan or the seed of Lucifer or the seed of
the beast, however you want to look at it. Um,
and this is not new. The the the fallen ones or
the Nephilim have been teaching humankind to do
this um, you know, since the beginning. read the
book of Jeremiah, the book of Jude. Um I have a
picture on the slideshow here that anyone can
screenshot um coming up of biblical references
um so that uh you we can see this is this is not
just something that is being made up. This is the
state of hum of our world from the beginning.
this war has been going on. And there it is
for anybody watching. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Take
a picture for sure. Uh can the Canaanites in
scripture were trafficked um you know humankind
is just depraved um is just depraved um without
you know a compass of righteousness that that I I
really believe you know we find in his word and um
you know uh I really recommend looking these
up. you'll find them fascinating. Um Jeremiah
5 talks about how the rich are the devourers
of children and that devouring of children is
a judgment for turning aside from Yahw because
iniquity only increases and multiplies itself.
Sin begets sin. Um, Zechariah 11:17 talks about,
you know, Freemason style shepherds, you know,
who who who have these weird swords and rituals
pertaining to their right eye um and their arms
that you seem masons today making hand signals
with. Um Jeremiah 57:3 talks about people who
sacrifice their children among the oak trees.
Well, we know Bohemian Grove and oak trees are
a huge part of free Masonic culture. Um Isaiah
57 goes on to talk about um those who slaughter
their children under ravines, under clefts and
crags. Um, a lot of today's Masonic buildings,
um, measurements and themes visually pertained
to Solomon's temple. Um, some still use certain
specifications like that um, based on 1 Chronicles
22, 2 Chronicles 20. Um, and um, and and and
they insire themselves in their own net. And Yah
according to um Psalm 9 avenges all of this blood
that is spilled. And he does not ignore the cries
of the afflicted. And he says that he is known by
his acts of justice and that these specific wicked
people are ins snared by the works of their hands.
Um, Leviticus talks about wizards being
put to death who are giving seed to moolak,
drinking blood, using enchantments. Um, it's all
in the word. We don't we don't need as as much as
like podcasts and documentaries. All of these are
so valuable and continue to be valuable in my life
and in the lives of many. It's, you know, it's all
in the word. There's nothing new under the sun as
it says in Ecclesiastes. And so, and so I wanted
to put these scriptures forth because if all of
this is true and it's still going on and it has
always been, then there is an antidote. And and
the antidote isn't just found in the word, it
is the word itself. It is alive. And so I just
really encourage people to get into it and see if
these things are true because if this is true then
um everything else that is written in this book
is as well. And there's good news as horrific as
all of this is. There's a lot of good news. Yes,
there is. And another survivor that you mentioned
earlier, Nathan Reynolds, he also speaks on,
and I I don't remember if it's the exact same
um scriptures that you picked out here, but
he's been a big advocate for sharing different
um scriptures and passages of where SR, did um
you know, human sacrifice, these different things
existed in the Bible and that that we can, like
you said, go back in time and see it. you know,
Lisa Meister has talked about um that a little bit
on some of her shows. So, I mean, there are we are
sort of seeing the world through a different lens.
And I think the reason why people currently have
not is because the lack of knowledge on did SRRA,
mind control. They just don't know what they're
reading. Where when you learn about this stuff
and then you go back to the Bible and look, you
can sort of see see it clear as day that there's
that there's multiple examples. and you gave a lot
of them. So, I do encourage people to do their own
research, take a screenshot, go check it out. Um,
do you have any episodes or I know your podcast
isn't up. Um, have you done a podcast on anybody
else's show that has gone through some of these
more in depth? Not yet. Uh, would love to do
that at some time. It would be awesome because
this just scratches the surface. Even this list
of scriptures there, that's just the tip of the
iceberg. There there are far more references. Um,
but if you want to subscribe to our our YouTube
channel, um, uh, right now we just have the music
and, um, we may release something like that in
the future. Um, and so if if you're curious on
staying tuned, um, you can, um, there's a passage
in the book of wisdom, and I I don't quote the
book of wisdom. It's by King Solomon. I don't
I don't quote this as the inspired word of Yah,
but the writings of antiquity are super valid,
as a historical account of what was happening
then. It's happening now. And it says here, I
have I have a quote um that I just wanted to
share because this was written in between the
first first century BC and first century AD.
It says, "For your judgments, for Yahw's judgments
are great and hard to interpret. Therefore,
undisiplined souls went astray." Now, listen this.
Tell me if you think this sounds like a did or a a
fractured soul to you with amnesic barriers.
It says, "For when lawless men had supposed
that they held a holy nation in their power, they
prisoners of darkness and bound in the feathers
of a long night, kept close beneath their roofs,
lay exiled from the eternal providence. For while
they thought that they were unseen in their secret
sins, they were divided from one another by a dark
curtain of forgetfulness, stricken with terrible
awe and very troubled by apparitions. I mean,
it sounds a lot like somebody going through like
the torment of a mental illness or schizophrenia
or somebody who's just really suffering and
and doesn't understand why. It could be a dark
curtain of forgetfulness through trauma, through
these very sadistic means that are generationally
practiced and handed down through um through many
generations. And then it says, "For neither did
the dark recesses that held them guard them from
their fears, but terrifying sounds rang around
them, and dismal phantoms appeared with unsmiling
faces." And it goes on. I mean, so the book of
wisdom is really interesting and it talks about
this, I believe, exactly what we're talking about
today. Wow. That would be kind of a an interesting
episode to do with you sometime to pour focus into
just that topic. I think listeners would be really
curious to learn about that too. So maybe we could
plan doing that sometime, you know, and and
like do a real deep dive into the ones that you
provided today, which I hope that you guys took
a screenshot of. if not go back and do it. Um,
and then you know any others that you want to add
to it? We could sort of spend some time looking
at them through a different lens. That would be
great. It would be that would be I would be such
a blessing. I'd love to dig in deeper. Uh cuz, you
know, these, you know, wisdom book of wisdom even
talks about dragons, the worshiping of dragons
and uh irrational reptiles and, you know, um
Jasher and Enoch as well. And then of course, you
know, all all through scripture. It would be good
to it would be good to do an episode. I'd love to
explore and dig into more of why all of this is
taking place. Um because it's really important um
that we thoroughly understand the world in which
we live in. Amen. Let's talk about that after.
Maybe we can look at the schedule and and plan
something in the, you know, near future in the
next couple months and do a deep dive. That would
be great. And for this episode, was there anything
that we didn't cover that you wanted to share? Um,
I think that was we covered so much. you know,
I'm there's still questions that I'm sure people
are going to have and there's like so many
different, you know, more conversations that
we could probably have about all the stuff that
we talked about today. So, maybe we do a part
three of your testimony and we can take questions
from people and and maybe dive a little bit deeper
into some of the stuff that we talked about
towards the end. Um, and then we can plan an
episode to do a biblical deep dive too and sort
of uncover what our eyes haven't seen, you know,
or what most people haven't. And now that we have
sort of a renewed way that we look at the world,
um, it would be really interesting to do that and
maybe do some Q&A for people who have questions
for you. That would be awesome. I I would that
would be great. uh would be just a joy to talk
about this because the more we understand it, the
more common we realize it is and the more people
can discover um the salvation uh that we really
need that has been so well hidden from us. Um and
and maybe we could talk to a little bit about
um some children's games that were used uh in
programming as well. Um, I'm not sure I have heard
not I, you know, I don't listen to a ton. Um, but
I haven't I haven't heard uh how children's games
like Hungry Hippo, Trouble, and Sorry have been
used in programming. They were used in mine. A
lot of these games were developed through military
um veterans by military veterans. And so maybe
we could talk about um Hungry Hippo or I could
call it I like to call it Hungry Hippo campus and
what it means to lose your marbles. Oh my gosh,
what a pun. Holy smokes. Yes, that would be really
really valuable. Again, people are trying to move
away from the things that they have access to
in real life, movies, music, um facilities,
businesses. I think this could be another way
too that we could educate parents, you know,
and I think that would be really fascinating or
video games, you know, I think there's so many
different ways that what you went through in this
actual program, you know, affects children that
are outside of it in the real life. They've
they've duplicated that in actual, you know,
society, too. A lot of these things. So, it'd be
really good to spend some time going through some
of that and helping shine a light on, you know,
for survivors, too, who might have gone through
that and might not remember or might not be clear
or might have not not have talked about it yet. I
actually haven't heard of these games being used.
So, it would be a new topic for for listeners as
well to to hear about and learn about. So, let's
definitely plan, you know, at least a couple more
episodes and we can do some deep dives into
some of this stuff. Cool. Awesome. Thank you.
I appreciate today. I appreciate you. You shared
so much and so much of this was I know just like
the hardest things in life to talk about, you
know, and the fact that you are able to bear your
soul the way that you do, emotions and all exactly
authentic to who you are and to share it in a way
that that the audience can be touched by it and
can hear the reality of these things. you know,
the details of of your children to the details
of programming and locations and um you know,
how these things are are presented to our children
in the form of books and entertainment, you know,
and I just really appreciate your candid and
honest uh education that you give us on your
experiences and on these things. And then I
also really appreciate you always always and I
don't know if you do this I think you just do this
naturally but you the hardest things that you talk
about by the end of it people feel hope you spin
things around to be very hopeful to be positive
to have wisdom behind it lessons that we can learn
ways that we can keep going when we feel like we
want to give up um and you do that in in in a way
that I think and wish that more people would would
look at life, you know. So, I think the more that
that we sort of listen to these situations and how
you and others have overcome them, you know, we're
giving people hope, too. So, I really appreciate
you sharing all this and then also bringing up
shining the light on it in a way where we can take
something meaningful away from it that can benefit
us, whether it's education or a tool for healing
it. Um, you know, or just a different perspective
to look at how we can switch something like shame
around, you know, and and and take away a positive
from it. So, thank you, Kadia, with all my heart
for coming on here, for being a leader in this
community, for bearing your soul, and just for
being an absolutely amazing woman, mother, friend,
and human being. We are so lucky that you're here
today to share all this with, and I can't wait
to have you back on again. A me too. Thank you.
Bless you. And and just bless all the listeners.
Thank you so much for your ear today. You are so
welcome. I think people are going to be We talked
a long time. people could probably listen to you
like I could for another 10 hours. So, it'll be
really good to get together again whenever the
timing's good. Um, but for people listening,
I'm going to have all Kadia's information in
the show notes, her Spotify, YouTube channel, and
her playlist. She has an amazing music playlist
that she made um as well. So, I'll have that. She
is on Instagram at thequickening. Um, so you guys
can find her there as well and uh support her,
follow her. I'm going to have her GoFundMe page.
encourage you guys if you guys can donate in any
type of way, even if it's just sharing the page
on your social media and encouraging people to
support her, please do. It means so much to me,
to her, and to the community that we help
resource each other and lift each other up. Um,
so I definitely encourage you guys to help share
her projects and her GoFundMe, to go subscribe,
follow her. Um, and I'll have all my information
below as well. Follow me wherever you can, you
guys. I don't ever know what channels are going
to be friendly to what I'm doing and not. Um,
and also be uh subscribe to Kadia's YouTube
to be on alert and turn on notifications for
when she can safely put her podcast up again
cuz she'll be having more episodes of that as
well that you guys can look forward to. So, um,
please you guys go support. We couldn't do this
without you guys. God bless you all. Thank
you for listening and we will see you next